 
  
 
 
GUIDELINES  
FOR  
e-PROCUREMENT   
OF  
WORK S AND S ERVICES  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UPDATED TILL MARCH 2020  
 
 
Page 2 of 62 
  
 
 
 
 
INDEX  
 
 
 
 
 
 
                        CHAPTER I    :    GENERAL GUIDELINES AND FORMATS  
                   CHAPTER II   :    e-PROCUREMENT FOR WORKS AND SERVICES   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page 3 of 62 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER -I 
  Page 4 of 62 
  
 
GENERAL GUIDELINES AND FORMATS  
 
1. PREFACE:  This document containing broad guideli nes for e -Procurement for Works and  Services has 
been framed with an objective that it should help all concerned in adopting the proposed automated, 
web-based e -Procurement System with the objective of online evaluation and thereby reducing the 
human intervention in evaluation of tender and  reduction of cycle time of procurement. The system is 
based on the facts and figures obtained from National Informatics Centre (NIC) and other internal 
sources. However, any improvement to these guidelines may be adopted by CIL with the approval of 
Chairm an, CIL for the purposes like : 
 
a.  Improvement in the System functionality  
 
b.  Enhanced  convenience to the users of the System  
 
c. Compliance of Govt. directives and policies related to e -Procurement.  
 
d. Changes in Manuals of CIL  
 
Note: FDs of CIL is authorized to approve any modifications arising out of operation 
constraints/difficulties in the provisions of CMM/MCEW/ e-procurement guidelines for Works and 
Services  of CIL subject to intimation to CIL Board in its next meeting (approved in 40 0th meeting of 
Board of Directors of Coal India Limited held on 12th March 2020).  
 
2. The e -Procurement portal shall be in compliance with IT Act 2000 and its subsequent am endments and it 
shall comply with the  relevant circulars of CVC and other statutory bod ies.  
3. SCOPE: - The e -Procurement system will cover the following:  
a. All the Open and Limited Open (Open tender for all the eligible bidders with intimation to some short 
listed vendors) tenders having Estimated Value of Rs . 2.00 lakhs and above.  
This threshold limit may be reduced further by Chairman, CIL , as per requirement.  
b. All Single/Limited tenders for Estimated value of Rs 2 lakhs and above.  
It shall require the implementation of the vendor/contractor registration in different categories i n 
compliance with CVC Office Order No. 43/7/04 dated 02.07.04 and its subsequent guidelines on this 
matter, if any.   
c. The single cover system without technical and financial eligibility and without reverse auction for  Works 
and Services with estimated va lue put to Tender below Rupees 50 Lakhs.  
d. The two part tendering system without reverse auction for Works and Services with estimated value put to 
Tender Rupees 50 Lakhs and above.  
e. All the steps starting from hosting of Tenders (based on approved and fi nancially concurred 
estimate/indent) till decision of L -1 bidder is covered in the e -Procurement system. This includes 
Creating and Hosting of NIT, Downloading and submission of bids, Opening of Tender and Evaluation Page 5 of 62 
 of bids including uploading of work ord er/supply order online on a dedicated e -Procurement portal of the 
company with validation of Tender Committee at nodal stages only. The e -Procurement Portal also 
generates Reports required for the MIS/Decision Support System of CIL/Subsidiary.  
 
f. The other T erms and Conditions of NIT and any other offline process(including evaluation of bids, if 
any) not covered under e -Procurement Manual of CIL, will be as per the following Manuals of Coal India 
Limited  :  
   i).    Contract Management Manual (for Mining tenders and Turnkey Tenders)  
 
   ii) Manual of Civil Engineering Works (for Civil, E&M works Other than Turnkey Tenders and other 
tenders pertaining to any department other than MM)  
     
    The above Manuals are available on CIL website www.coalindia.in . 
4. THE ORGANISATIONAL SETUP  
An e -Procurement Cell will be at Company Headquarter under direct control of Director (Tech) to 
function as the nodal department for e -Procurement in CIL/Subsidiary . The executives from various 
disciplines will be posted in the e -Procurement Cell. Responsibility of the e -Procurement cell at 
CIL/Subsidiary HQ will be:  
a. To co -ordinate and correspond with NIC, Bidders, User Departments and other concerned 
authorities suc h as Banks, Auditors etc. for the effective and efficient implementation of e -
Procurement.  
 
b. To facilitate customization of the Portal and to bring about continuous improvement in the system 
to suit the requirement of the Company.  
 
c. Arrangement of Training to Bidders and Departmental Users for adoption of automated web based 
e-Procurement mode.  
 
d. To coordinate for the infrastructure development for the proper implementation of the e -
Procurement system.  
 
e. To create a helpdesk for online and offline support to d ifferent stakeholders of the system.  
 
f. To arrange and update the Digital Signature Certificate for departmental users.  
 
g. To arrange Publicity and facilitate change management for smooth migration from manual system 
of tendering to electronic mode  
. 
h. To guide the user departments for preparation of different formats or documents etc. for the e -
Procurement system.  
 
i. To Administer the e -Procurement Application and Online User Management.  
 
 
 Page 6 of 62 
 5. REGISTRATION/ENROLLMENT OF BIDDER ON E -PROCUREMENT PORTAL 
OF CIL: 
In order to submit the Bid, the bidders have to get themselves registered online on the e -Procurement 
portal of CIL (https://coalindiatenders.gov.in ) with valid Digital Signature Certificate (DSC) issued from 
any agency authorized by Controller of Certifying Authority (CCA), Govt. of India and which can be 
traced up to the chain of trust to the Root Certificate of CCA. The online Registration of the Bidders on 
the portal will be free of cost and one time activity only. The registration should be in the name of 
bidder, whereas DSC holder may be either bidder himself or his duly authorized person.  
6. The Digital Signature Certificates have to be obtained for CIL/Subsidiary  users from any agency 
authorized by CCA (Controller of Certifying Authority), Govt.  of India. The bidders will have to obtain 
the Digital Signature Certificate from any certifying agency which is authorized by CCA (Controller of 
Certifying Authority) of Govt. of India  which can be  traced up to the chain of trust to the root certificate 
of CCA.  
  
7. UNDERTAKINGS TO BE furnished ON -LINE BY  THE BIDDER  
 
                                                  USER PORTAL AGREEMENT  
e-Tender Portal User Agreement   
In order to create a user account and use the e -Tender portal you must read and accept this e -Tender portal 
User Agreement.  
 
A. UNDERTAKINGS TO BE FURNISHED ONLINE BY THE BIDDER  
 
I DO HEREBY UNDERTAKE  
1. That all the information being submitted by me/us is genuine, authentic, true and valid on the date of 
submission of tender and if any information is found to be false at any stage of tendering or contract period 
I/We will be liable to the following penal actions apart from other penal actions prescribed elsewhere in the 
tender document.  
a. Cancellation of my/our bid/contract(as the case may be)  
b. Forfeiture of EMD  
c. Punitive action as   per tender document  
2. That I/we accept all terms and condition of NIT, including General Terms and Condition and 
Special/Additi onal Terms and Condition as stated there in the tender document as available on the website.  
 
3. That I/we accept the Integrity Pact as given in the tender document (if applicable).  
 
4. That I/we am/are giving my/our consent for e -payment and submitting/ shall submit the mandate form for e -
payment in the format as prescribed in the document in case, the work is awarded to us.  
 
5. That I/we do authorize CIL/subsidiary for seeking information/clarification from my Bankers having Page 7 of 62 
 reference in this bid.  
6. That I/we will upload original/certified photo/scanned of all the relevant documents as prescribed in the 
tender document in support of the information and data furnished by me/us online.  
7. I/We confirm that I/We have not been banned or de -listed by any Go vt. or Quasi Govt. agencies or PSUs. In 
case We are banned or delisted this information shall be specifically informed to the tender issuing authority.  
 
8. That I/We accept all the undertakings as specified elsewhere in the tender document.  
 
9. That this online agreement will be a part of my bid and if the work is awarded to me/us, this will be a part of 
our agreement with CIL/subsidiary Company.  
B. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF E -TENDER SERVICES AGREEMENT  
 
COPY RIGHT NOTICE. Copyright©2013,Coal India Limited, India. All rights reserved.  
 
YOU MAY NOT MODIFY, COPY, REPRODUCE, REPUBLISH, UPLOAD, POST, TRANSMIT, OR 
DISTRIBUTE, IN ANY MANNER, THE MATERIAL ON THE SITE, INCLUDING TEXT, GRAPHICS, 
CODE AND/OR SOFTWARE.  
 
You may print and download portions of material f rom the different areas of the website solely for your own 
non-commercial use provided that you agree that you shall not change or delete any copyright or proprietary 
materials from the site.  
www.coalindiatenders.gov.in  is an e -procurement portal of Coal India Limited/it’s Subsidiary.  
 
THIS E -TENDER PORTAL AND RELATED SERVICES SUBJECT TO YOUR COMPLIANCE 
WITH THE USER �S TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW.  
 
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION  CAREFULLY. YOU MAY NOT COMPLETE 
YOUR REGISTRATION AND USE THE E -TENDER PORTAL WITHOUT AGREEING TO 
COMPLY WITH ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW.  
 
BY REGISTERING THE USER NAME AND PASSWORD, YOU AGREE TO ABIDE BY ALL THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS S ET FORTH BELOW.  
 
Bidder Registration, Password and Security  
 
Upon successful completion of Registration online, User ID and Password will be registered. You can login, 
only by giving valid User ID  and Password  and then signing with your valid Digital Signature Certificate.  
 
Page 8 of 62 
 The Online registration/enrollment of bidder on the portal should be done in the name of the bidder.  
The person whose DSC is attached to the Registered Bidder should be either  the bidder h imself Or, duly 
authorized by the Bidder.  
 
User ID and password are strictly personal to each Authorised User and non -transferable. The User shall 
ensure that its Authorised Users do not divulge or disclose their user ID or password to third parties. In t he 
event that the Authorised User comes to know that the User ID/ Password has been/might have been divulged, 
disclosed or discovered by any third party, user or its authorized user shall immediately modify the password 
using “Change password”  option. CIL/ subsidiary will have no responsibility or obligation in this regard.  
 
At the time of enrollment in the e -Tendering portal of CIL/its Subsidiaries, the Bidders should ensure that the 
status of DSC is active on this site. The activation of newly issued DSC may take 24 hrs or more. Hence 
Bidders who are obtaining new DSC should register at least 24 hrs before the submission of Bid.  
 
By registering in this portal you forthwith assume the responsibility for maintaining the confidentiality of the 
Password and a ccount, and for all activities that occur under your Password or Account. You also agree to (a) 
immediately notify by e -mail to Application Administrator/Nodal officer , of any unauthorized use of your 
Password or Account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you log -out from your account at the 
end of each session. CIL/its Subsidiaries shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused to you due to your 
failure to comply with the foregoing.  
Registered user can modify or update some of the i nformation in their profile as and when required at their 
own discretion. However some information such as “User ID” are protected against changes by Bidder after 
enrollment and some other information such as “Bidder Name” etc are protected against changes  by Bidder 
after bid submission.  
 Modification of software  
With consent of Project Advisory Committee , e-procurement of CIL, the Administrator of e -Tender 
portal, reserves the right to modify, add, delete and/or change the contents , classification and 
presentation of the information on the marketplace at any time as it may in its absolute discretion find 
to be expedient and without giving any notice. It is the users responsibility to refer to the terms and/or 
any change or addition to the same while access ing the site.  
Coal India Limited reserves right to interrupt/suspend the availability of the e -Tender system without 
any notice to the users.  
System Requirements  
It is the users responsibility to comply with the system requirements: hardware, software, In ternet connectivity 
at user premises to access the e -Tender portal as mentioned in the home page in the link ‘resources required’.  
Under any circumstances, CIL shall not be liable to the Users for any direct/indirect loss incurred by them or 
damages caused  to them arising out of the following:  
Page 9 of 62 
 (a) Incorrect use of the e -Tender System, or ;  
(b) Internet Connectivity failures in respect of the equipments used by the Users or by the Internet Service 
Providers, or ;  
(c) Inability of the Bidder to submit their bid due to any DSC related problems, hardware, software or any 
other factor which are personal/ special/ local to the Bidder.  
Contents of Tender Information  
Tenders shall be published by the authorized Tender Inviting Authorities  of the respective Tendering entities 
of CIL/subsidiary. In case of any clarifications arising out of the tenders, the users have to contact the 
respective Tender Inviting Authority.  
Bid Submission Acknowledgement  
The User should complete all the processe s and steps required for Bid submission. The successful Bid 
submission can be ascertained once acknowledgement  is given by the system through Bid Submission  
number i.e. Bid ID , after completion of all the processes and steps. Coal India Limited/Subsidiary is not 
responsible for incomplete bid submission by users. Users may also note that the incomplete bids will not be 
saved by the system and so the same will not be available to the Tender Inviting Authority  for processing.  
The acknowledgment is the only co nfirmation of submission of bid, which the bidder can show as a proof of 
participating in the tender. Other than this acknowledgement, no proof will be considered as a confirmation to 
the submission of a bid. If the bidder fails to produce this acknowledge ment required for verification in case of 
dispute, his claim for submission of bid may not be considered.  
Upload files  
The bidders have to ensure that the files being uploaded by them are free from all kinds of viruses and contain 
only the relevant infor mation as stated by the Tender Inviting Authorities for the particular tender. It is not 
obligatory on the part of CIL/subsidiary to read each and every document uploaded by the Bidder. If any 
bidder / company has uploaded / attached irrelevant data, bogus  or fabricated certificates towards his 
qualification requirements to the respective tender then their User account will be liable for termination 
permanently or temporarily by CIL/subsidiary without any prior notice.  
User Conduct  
You agree that all information, data, text, software, photographs, graphics, messages or other materials 
(“Content”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from 
which such Content is originated. This means that you are en tirely responsible for all Content that you upload, 
post, email or otherwise transmit via the e -Tender portal.  
CIL/subsidiary does not control the Content posted via the e -Tender portal and, as such, does not guarantee the 
accuracy, integrity or quality of  such Content. Hence under no circumstances, CIL/subsidiary is liable in any 
manner for any Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any 
Page 10 of 62 
 loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Con tent posted, e -mailed or otherwise 
transmitted via the Site.  
 Amendments to a tender published:  
 
You agree that the CIL/ Subsidiary companies reserves the right to re -tender / cancel a tender or extend 
the closing date or amend the details of tender at any time by publishing corrigendum as applicable.  
 
Special Admonitions For International Use:  
 
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online 
content and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding 
the transmission of technical data to and from India or the country in which you reside.  
Links  
 
The Site may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because CIL/subsidiary has 
no control over su ch sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that the CIL/Subsidiary is not 
responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not 
responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other ma terials on or available from 
such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that the CIL/subsidiary shall not be 
responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or 
in connection with use o f or reliance on any such Content, Goods or Services available on or through 
any such site or resources.  
Miscellaneous  
This Agreement shall all be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of India & applicable to 
agreements made and to be perfor med in India. The e -Tender portal's failure to insist upon or enforce strict 
performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. 
Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice s hall act to modify any provision of this 
Agreement. CIL/subsidiary may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time 
without notice to you. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.  
Governing Law  
Terms shall be gov erned by, and construed in accordance with, Indian law. The parties agree that the principal 
civil court of the place where the registered office of Coal India/Subsidiary company is situated shall have 
non-exclusive  jurisdiction to entertain any dispute wi th Coal India/Subsidiary company. In case of dispute 
being with a regional Institute of CMPDIL, the principle Civil Court where the said regional Institute is 
situated shall be place of suing.  
CIL/subsidiary reserves the right to initiate any legal action  against those bidders violating all or any of the 
above mentioned terms & conditions of e -Tender services agreement.  
Modification of terms of Agreement  
CIL/its Subsidiaries reserves the right to add to or change/modify the terms of this Agreement. Changes could 
Page 11 of 62 
 be made by us after the first posting to the Site and you will be deemed to have accepted any change if you 
continue to access the Site after that  time. CIL/its Subsidiaries reserves the right to modify, suspend/cancel, or 
discontinue any or all services/ make modifications and alterations in any or all of the content, at any time 
without prior notice.  
Policy and Security  
General Policy  
CIL/its Sub sidiaries is committed to protecting the privacy of our e -Tender site visitors. CIL/subsidiary does 
not collect any personal or business information unless you provide it to us voluntarily when conducting an 
online enrolment, bid submission etc. or any oth er transaction on the Site.  
Information Collected  
When you choose to provide personal or business information to us to conduct an online transaction, we use it 
only for the purpose of conducting the specific online transaction that you requested. The infor mation is also 
used for the purpose of vendor searches. For each online transaction, we require only a minimum amount of 
personal and business information required to process your transaction.  
 
When you visit our portal to browse, read pages, or download i nformation, we automatically collect and store 
only the following information:  
 The Internet domain and IP address from which you access our portal;  
 The date and time you access our portal;  
 The pages you visit  
This information would help us to make our site more useful to visitors and to learn about the number of 
visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use.  
 
We do not give, share, sell or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required to do so by law. 
If you do n ot want any personal or business information to be collected, please do not submit it to us; however, 
without this required information we will be unable to process your online bid submission or any other on line 
transaction. Review, update and correction of any personal or business information can be done directly on the 
Site. 
Use of Cookies  
When you choose to enter into an online transaction, we use cookies to save the information that you input 
while progressing through the transaction. A cookie is a ver y small amount of data that is sent from our server 
to your computer’s hard drive. By enabling this feature, the cookie will remember the data entered by you and 
next time when you visit this site, the data stored in the cookie will be available in future.   
 
Security  
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under 
our control.  
 
Page 12 of 62 
 8. PREPARTION AND APPROVAL OF NIT  
8.1 Standard NIT : There will be standard NIT format for each department which will be framed in compliance 
with the e -Procurement Manual and shall be uniformly followed across all the Areas & Headquarter of 
CIL/Subsidiary . The standard NIT will be framed by HoD of the conce rned tender inviting department at 
CIL/Subsidiary HQ  in consultation with e -Procurement Cell regarding conformity with e -procurement portal 
software. The standard NIT format shall be approved by D(T), CIL/ D(T) I/c of  CIL/ Subsidiary  companies  and 
will be circulated to all Areas of CIL/Subsidiary  by the concerned HoDs at CIL/Subsidiary HQ.  
8.2 In case standard NIT is prepared and circulated by CIL, it should be followed uniformly throughout all the 
subsidiary companies. The minor changes as per the requirement of subsidiary companies may be made with 
approval of  D(T), CIL/ D(T)  I/c of Subsidiary companies.  
8.3 The works for which standard  NIT is not applicable, a fresh NIT will be framed by HoD of the concer ned 
tender inviting department at CIL/Subsidiary in consultation with e -Procurement Cell regarding conformity with 
e-procurement portal software. Such NIT will  be approved D(T), CIL/D (T) I/c of CIL/ Subsidiary  companies.  
8.4The Turnkey Tenders shall be dealt as per “Works” tenders with two part system and customized NITs shall 
be made by user department as per need. If required Technical Parameter sheets (TPS) can be used additionally 
for these tenders. TPS can also be used in any other works or service tender  as per specific requirement of the 
tender with the approval of competent authority as per this clause as explained above.  
8.5 There will be standard GTE Templates available on the e -Procurement portal which will be uniformly 
followed across all the Areas & Headquarter of  CIL/Subsidiary . The standard GTE Templates will be framed by 
the tender inviting department at CIL/Subsidiary , HQ in consultation with e -Procurement Cell and shall be 
circulated to all Areas of CIL/Subsidiary by the concerned HoDs at CIL/Subsidiary HQ .   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page 13 of 62 
 9. PROFORMA FOR UNDERTAKING TO BE SUBMITTED BY BIDDER/S (ON 
BIDDER 'S LETTER HEAD)  FOR GENUINENESS OF THE INFORMATION 
FURNISHED ONLINE AND AUTHENTICITY OF THE DOCUMENTS 
UPLOADED ONLINE IN SUPPORT OF HIS ELIGIBILITY :  
  
FORMAT OF UNDERTAKING  
 
I / We, ..................................................................................., Proprietor/Partner/Legal Attorne y/Director/ 
Accredited Representative of M/S. ......................., solemnly declare that:  
 
1. I/We am/are s ubmitting Bid for the work……......................................................against NIT No/Tender 
ID......................... Dated………………… and I/we offer to execute the work in accordance with all the 
terms, conditions and provisions of the bid.  
2. Myse lf/Our Partners/Directors don’t has/have any relative as employee 
of........................………………………………………………………... (Name of the Company).  
3. All information furnished by us in respect of fulfillment of eligibility criteria and qualification 
information of t his Bid is complete, correct and true.  
4. All copy of documents, credentials and documents submitted along with this Bid are genuine, authentic, 
true and valid.  
5. I/ We hereby authorize department to seek references / clarifications from our Bankers.  
 
6. We hereby  undertake that we shall register and obtain license from the competent authority under the 
contract labour (Regulation & Abolition Act) as relevant, if applicable.  
7. *I/We hereby confirm that we have registration with CMPF / EPF Authorities. We shall make necessary 
payments as required under law.  
Or 
*I/We hereby undertake that we shall take appropriate steps for registration as relevant under CMPF / 
EPF authorities, i f applicable. We shall make necessary payments as required under law.  
8. *I/We have not been banned or delisted by any Govt., or Quasi Govt. Agencies or PSUs(In case of JV, 
all partners are covered).  
Or 
*I / We  ……………….. have been banned by the organization na med “_____________” for a period 
of………………… year/s, effective from ………………. to……………………..…..(in case of JV, 
name(s) of the JV  Partner(s)).  
9. If any information and document submitted is found to be false/ incorrect at any time, department may 
cancel my/our Bid  and action as deemed fit may be taken against me/us, including termination of the 
contract, forfeiture of all dues including Earnest Money and banning of our firm and all partners of the 
firm etc.  
10. I/We,…………………..,……….. Proprietor/Partner/Legal Attorney/Dir ector/ Accredited 
Representative of M/S………………………, solemnly declare that Myself/Our Partners/Directors 
don’t has/have any work in washing of Coal as washery operator and/or Transportation of coal to 
washery in……………(Name of Area(s)) of…………………..(Name of CIL/S ubsidiary). ( Applicable 
for Chapter 3 and Chapter 6 of CMM)  
 
* Delete whichever is not applicable.  
 
(The concerned department may specify any other specific undertaking to be taken from the 
bidder/s while framing the NIT)  Page 14 of 62 
 10.  PROFORMA FOR LETTER OF BID TO BE UPLOADED BY BIDDER DURING 
SUBMISSION OF BID ONLINE  : 
FORMAT OF “Letter of Bid” (for Works & Services Tenders)  
LETTER HEAD OF BIDDER  (As enrolled on  the e -Procurement Portal of CIL ) 
 
To, 
The Tender Committee  
 ..............C oalfields Limited  
 
Sub. : Letter of Bid for the work “ ----------------------------------------- “ (to be filled by the department)  
 
Ref. : 1.  NIT No.: “----------------------------------------------------------- “ (to be filled by the department)  
 
         2. Tender Id No. :  “--------------------------------------------------- “ (to be filled by the department)  
 
Dear Sir,  
 
This has reference to above referred bid. I/we have read and examined the conditions of contract, Scope 
of Work, tec hnical specifications, BOQ and other documents carefully.  
 
I /We am/are pleased to submit our bid for the above work. I/We hereby unconditionally accept the bid 
conditions and bid documents in its entirety for the above work and agree to abide by and fulf ill all 
terms and conditions and specifications as contained in the bid document.  
 
I/we here by submit all the documents as required to meet the eligibility criteria as per provision of the 
bid notice/document.  
 
I/We hereby confirm that this bid complies with the Bid validity, Bid security and other documents as 
required by the Bidding documents.  
 
If any information furnished by me/us towards eligibility criteria of this bid is found to be incorrect at 
any time, penal action as deemed fit may be taken agai nst me/us for which I/We shall have no claim 
against CIL/Subsidiary.  
 
 Until a formal agreement is prepared and executed, this bid and your subsequent Letter of  
Acceptance/Work Order shall constitute a binding contract betw een us and …….C oalfields Ltd.  
 
Should this bid be accepted, we agree to furnish Performance Security within stipulated date and 
commence the work within  stipulated date . In case of our failure to abide by the said provision 
...........Coalfields Ltd. shall, without prejudice to any other right or remedy, be at liberty to cancel the 
letter of acceptance/ award and to forfeit the Earnest Money and also debar us from participating in 
future tenders for a minimum period 12 months.  
   
(This document is digitally signed by the DSC holder authorised by the bidder and therefore no physical 
signature is required ) 
 Page 15 of 62 
 11. THE DUTIES AND  RESPONSIBILITIES :  
 
The following Roles  have been identified for the departmental users, which are to be executed with valid 
Digital Signature Certificate:  
 
a.  CREATOR  OF TENDER : The role of CREATOR will be assigned to the tender dealing officer. The 
CREATOR will have the privilege of online creation of Tender on the e -Procurement portal of CIL, 
based on the approved and financially concurred Estimate/Indent. CREATOR will be responsible for 
timely and accurate creation of tender on the e -Procurement portal with his Digital Signature 
Certificate.  
 
b.  PUBLISHER OF TENDER : The role of PUBLISHER will be assigned to the HoD (Head of the 
Department) of the tender inviting depa rtment. The PUBLISHER will have the privilege of online 
publication of the tenders created on the e -Procurement portal of CIL, based on the approved and 
financially concurred Estimate/Indent. PUBLISHER will be responsible for timely publish of tender 
after due scrutiny of created tenders on the e -Procurement portal with his Digital Signature Certificate.  
 
c.  OPENERS OF TENDER :  The role of OPENER will be assigned to the members of Tender 
Committee only. The tender will be decrypted and opened with the Digital  Signature s Certificate of 
Bid Openers as identified during creation of the tender.  OPENERS will be responsible for decryption 
and opening of tender on the pre -scheduled date & time, on the e -Procurement portal with his Digital 
Signature Certificate.  
 
d.  EVALUATOR OF TENDER : The role of EVALUATOR will be assigned to the member of Tender 
Committee from the tender inviting department. The Evaluator will have the privilege to enter and 
upload the decision of the Tender Committee in the e -Procurement portal.  E VALUATOR will be 
responsible for timely and accurate evaluation of tender on the e -Procurement portal in compliance 
with the decision of Tender Committee, with his Digital Signature Certificate.  
 
e.  AUDITOR OF TENDER :  The role of AUDITOR will be assigned t o all the departmental users. The 
AUDITOR will have the privilege of online viewing of the entire tendering process after opening of 
bid till award of contract. AUDITOR can only view the tender information and documents but cannot 
do any editing.   
   
f. SYST EM ADMIN/ APPLICATION ADMIN/ NODAL OFFICER : The role of SYSTEM ADMIN, 
APPLICATION ADMIN & NODAL OFFICER will be assigned to the executives of e -Procurement 
Cell for online User Management and Administration of e -Procurement Application.  
 
g. SUPPORT ADMIN: This new role of  “Support Admin” will be granted to the executives of  Finance 
Dept who will be responsible for maintaining the accou nts related to refund of EMD. He will operate 
the Central Pool account of CIL/Subsidiary .   This role will have the following  roles and privileges:  
 
i. Access to Reports relating to transactions of Pool account  
 
ii. Access to Reports relating to the refund transacti ons initiated from Pool account . 
 
iii. Access to Reports relating to the EMD transfers from Pool account to Dept Account  
 
iv. Access to Reports relating to the status of refund transactions made through Axis Bank.  
 Page 16 of 62 
 v. Access to Reports relating to the EMD transactions received from Bidders after online 
rejection of the bidder  
 
vi. Privilege to transfer EMD amount from Pool Acc ount to D epartment Account.  
 
vii. Privilege to authorize refund of the transactions which could not be processed automatically 
at the time of rejection.  
 
Note:  
i. The departmental users will be responsible for timely renewal of their DSC.  
ii. For Tender management, one Individual may have multiple Roles (Creator/  
Publisher/Opener/Evaluator/Auditor).  
iii. For User management, one Individual will have single Role (System Admin/Application Admin/Nodal 
Officer)  
iv. Officials of e -Procurement Cell may be assigned with the role  of Cre ator/ Publisher/ Opener/ Evaluator 
/Auditor/Bidder for the limited purpose of testing and training to the departmental users and bidders.  
12. SPECIAL SITUATIONS :  
a. User on Leave/Tour:  If an executive is on Leave/Tour, his/her DSC will not be used by any othe r person. 
It is advisable that “Two out of Three” or “Two out of Four” option for Bid Openers should be selected in 
general, so that the bid opening process does not get suffered due to temporary absence of any Bid 
Opener. However, the concerned executive,  on his/her discretion may use his/her DSC for decryption and 
opening of bid from the place of stay during such period of his/her leave/tour.  
b. Transfer of User:  If an executive is transferred to a new place , he will carry his/her DSC to the new place 
of posting and his/her organizational place will be reallocated by e -Procurement Cell on a written request 
from the executive concerned. It will be the responsibility of the executive concerned to inform the e -
Procurement Cell,  immediately after his/her joining at the new place of posting, for mapping of his/her 
profile to new location. However, if the executive is having some pending job  of Bid opening for any 
tender floated from his/her previous place of postin g, he/she will be responsible to open such tenders at 
scheduled date from his/her new place of posting.  
d. Superannuation of User:  If an executive is superannuated, he/she will carry his/her DSC with him. 
However, if the executive is having some pending r ole of bid Opener for any tender in CIL/Subsidiary , 
he/she will be responsible to open such tenders at scheduled date from his/her place of residence.  After 
opening of all such tenders, the profile of User will be blocked in the e-procurement  portal of CIL. 
    f. Change of Role: For any change of role of departmental user, a written r equest by the HOD of the 
concerned department shall be sent to e -Procurement cell /Nodal officer . e.  Loss of DSC:  In case the Digital Signature Certificate is lost or misplaced, FIR should be lodged by the 
concerned executive and e -Procurement cell should be informed immediately with a copy of FIR. Effort 
will be made to obtain another copy of DSC from the DSC provider and till such period the date of 
opening of Tenders in which he/she has already been assigned the role of Bid Opener will have to be 
extended, if required. In case it is not possible to prepare a copy of the DSC due to any reason, the n the 
Tender, which are yet to be opened may have to be cancelled and re -tendered, if other bid openers also fail 
to open the bid.  Page 17 of 62 
 13. SYSTEM OF ONLINE COLLECTION AND AUTO RESETTLEMENT/                         
REFUND OF EMD  : 
1. EMD will be collected centrally at one account at CIL/Subsidiary HQ  viz. Pool Account.  
 
2. Bidder will be allowed to submit his/her bid only after his/her EMD is received by CIL/Subsidiary .  
 
3. EMD of rejected bidders will be refunded at any stage directly to the account from where it had been 
received (except the bidders whose EMD is to be forfei ted). Refund will be made by an automatic 
process triggered by the online rejection of bids by the system/ evaluator. The bidders should be given 
enough precaution in the NIT that bidder should make payment from their own account and any claim 
for non -recei pt of the refund in any account other than the one from which payment of EMD is made, 
will not be entertained.  
  
4. If the refund of EMD is not received by the bidder in the account from which the EMD has been made 
due to any technical reason then it will be paid through e -payment as per the prevalent manual system.  
 
5. At appropriate stage of tender evaluation the EMD which is to be retained will be resettled to the 
respective Area Account by the system automatically.  
 
6. EMD will be received through online modes only.  
 
7. In case of online payment the Evaluator will not have option to override the evaluation done by the 
system w.r.t. EMD receipt.  
 
8. Cash Book and other financial accounting will be done based on the system generated reports/ Reports 
from user department / Bank statements.  
  
9. Suitable modifications in the standard NITs will be required to accommodate these changes.  
 
14. Standard Operative Procedure (SOP) for managing the cases of 
Withdrawal of Bid s in e -Procurement System of CIL/Subsidiary   
I. The Mode of Withdrawal:  
A. Online Withdrawal of Bids:  
a. The system of online withdrawal is available on the portal up to end date of bid submission, 
where any bidder can withdraw his/her bid which will attract no penal action from department 
side. 
b. The system of online with drawal beyond end date of bid submission and till award of contract is 
also available but not fully functional and under development  stage . Once it is developed and 
implemented only online withdrawal shall be considered except for some exceptional case s as 
mentioned in clause below.   
B.  Offline Withdrawal of Bids :  
a. A partner of bidder(in case of JV and partnership firms) whose DSC is registered on the e -
Procurement portal can access the portal for online withdrawal but when there is a split in the 
business re lationship, the partners whose DSC is not registered on the portal do not have the 
option of online withdrawal of bid. Hence such partners may opt to use offline method of 
withdrawal of his/her offer (or express his disassociation from the bidder organizat ion). Page 18 of 62 
 b. Till a fully functional system of online withdrawal of bid (beyond end date of bid submission and 
till award of contract) is not developed and implemented , offline withdrawal shall also be 
considered.  
II. Acceptance of withdrawal by Tender Committee:  
A. Every case of withdrawal under Clause I-(A)(b)  and Clause I-(B) shall be put up to Tender Committee 
for deliberation and further course of action.  
B. The Tender Committee shall apply its due diligence to decide:  
a. Whether the request for withdrawal of offer has be en received from right source and authentic. 
For this purpose a letter is to be sent by registered post/speed post to the bidder on the address as 
given by him in the enrollment page of e -Procurement portal, allowing 10 days time to confirm 
the withdrawal.   If the bidder does not confirm the withdrawal within the stipulated period then it 
should be construed that there is no withdrawal of bid. In case the withdrawal/disassociation f rom 
the firm ( Joint Venture or Partnership firm) has been submitted by any o ther partner then also the 
confirmation has to be sought from the bidder and if bidder wants to deny the 
withdrawal/disassociation from the JV or the partnership firm then the bidder shall be required to 
furnish a legally acceptable document signed by all the partners of the firm to substantiate his 
claim.  
b. Whether the withdrawal is due to the reason other than to support any mala fide intention of any 
participating bidder such as participating or supporting a cartel formation etc.  
c. If the mala fide intention s in the withdrawal are apprehended then the tender should be cancelled 
apart from other penal action as per e -Procurement Manual  for works and services  of CIL and 
other guidelines/manuals of  CIL. 
d. If no mala fide intentions in the withdrawal are apprehended then the penal action in line with the 
prescriptions of  the e -Procurement Manual  for works and services  of CIL  will be applicable.  
e. The Tender Committee may also obtain the opinion of legal department in order to ascertain the 
legal course of ac tion in case of Clause II-(B)(b) and II -(B)(c) above.  
 
III. The SOP shall be a part of e -Procurement Manual  for works  and services   and the NIT documents shall 
be framed in line with the SOP  
 
15. The verification of Document from source shall be done only in case  of complaints received or on 
suspicion. This should be done either through speed post or through electronic communication. No 
anonymous/pseudonymous complaints shall be entertained.  
Note: - Not to be part of Tender Document  
16.  Guidelines for Banning of Busin ess 
 
 CIL and its Subsidiary Companies shall follow the following guidelines for effecting ‘Banning of 
Business’ with a contracting entity in respect of Works and Services Contracts.  
1. Observance of Principle of Natural Justice before banning the business d ealings with any contracting 
entity . 
 
2. The contracting entity may be banned in the following circumstances : - Page 19 of 62 
  
i) If bidder backs out after notification of opening of price bid and if that bidder is found to be L -1. 
 
ii) If L-1 bidder fails to submit PSD and APSD, if any and/or fails to execute the contract within 
stipulated period.  
iii) If L-1 bidder fails to start the work on scheduled time.  
iv) In case of failure to execute the work as per mutually agreed work schedule.  
v) Continu ed and repeated failure to meet contractual Obligations:  
a. In case of partial failure on performance, agency shall be banned from future participation in 
tenders keeping his present contract alive.  
b. On termination of contract.  
vi) Willful suppression of facts or  furnishing or wrong information or manipulated or forged documents 
by the Agency or using any other illegal/unfair means.   
vii) Formation of price cartels with other contractors with a view to artificially hiking the price.  
viii) The contractor fails to maintain/rep air/redo the work up to the expiry of performance guarantee 
period, when it is specifically brought to his notice.  
ix) Contractor fails to use Mobilisation advance given to him for the purpose it was intended.  
x) Contractor fails to renew the securities deposited  to the department.  
xi) The contractor fails to rectify any lapse(s) in quality of the work done within defect liability period.  
xii) Transgression of any clause(s) relating to Contractor’s obligation defined in the Integrity Pact 
wherever such Pact exists.   
xiii) Any o ther breach of Contract or misdeed which may cause financial loss or commercial 
disadvantage to the Company.  
 
3. Such ‘Banning of Business’, if and when effected, shall be with prospective effect only. The effect of 
‘Banning of Business’ shall be for future tenders from the date of issue of such Order. However, if any 
contracting entity is banned after online notific ation of opening of Price Bid, such a ban will not be 
effective for that work.  
 
4. The banning shall be for a minimum period of one year and shall be effective for the concerned 
Subsidiary for the tenders invited at Subsidiary level. Similarly, in case of te nders of CIL HQ, banning 
shall be for CIL HQ. However, if such ‘Banning of Business’ has to be made effective for entire CIL and 
its Subsidiaries then approval of Chairman, CIL shall be required.  
 
5. Once a contracting entity is banned, it shall be extended t o the constituents of that entity, all partners in 
case of Joint Venture, all the partners in case of Partnership Firm, owner/proprietor in case of 
Proprietorship Firm and all the Directors in case of Limited Company. If such banned owner/Proprietor/ 
Partn er/Director make/form different Firms/entity and attempts to participate in tenders, the same will not 
be entertained during the currency of such banning.  
 
6. The above ‘Banning of Business’ shall be in addition to other penal provisions of NIT/Contract 
docum ent. 
 
7.  Approving Authority:  The ‘Banning of Business’ of a contracting entity shall be done with the 
approval of the Competent Authority as per the details below:  
 
a) In case the Accepting Authority of the work is Board or Empowered Committee or FDs or CMD of  
CIL/Subsidiary Company, then the Competent Authority for banning shall be CMD of CIL/Subsidiary 
Company.  Page 20 of 62 
  
b) In case the Accepting Authority of the work is up to the level of Director of CIL/Subsidiary Company, 
then the Competent Authority for banning shall be Director of CIL/Subsidiary Company.  
 
8. Appellate Authority shall be one Rank higher than the Competent Authority meant for ‘Banning of 
Business’.  In case the banning is done with the approval of CMD of the Subsidiary Company then 
Chairman, CIL shall be th e Appellate authority .  
 
9. Any change on the above may be done with approval of FDs of CIL.  
 
10. All the orders of banning or orders passed in appeal shall be marked to GM(CMC) / Civil / concerned 
HODs of CIL/Subsidiary Company. Further, all such orders will be uploaded in Coal India site as well 
website of the Subsidiary Company.  
 
11. Efforts shall be made by the concerned Department so that such order is linked to     e -tender portal of 
Coal India Limited.    
 
                                               ******* ******************  
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page 21 of 62 
  
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER -II Page 22 of 62 
             e-PROCUREMENT FOR WORKS AND SERVICES  
PART I(A)  
(Applicable for Single Cover System)  
 
 
1. CREATION OF TENDER  
 
1.1 Tender for the approved and financially concurred estimates will be created online by tender dealing officer 
(CREATOR) (Form of Contract ) of the concerned tender inviting department indicating all the salient details 
such as description of work, estimated value, period of work, bid validity period, date of pre -bid meeting (if 
required), start date and last date & time of submission of bid, period for seeking clarifications online by the 
bidder, date and time of opening of Technical bid, etc. and by uploading Notice Inviting Tender (NIT) and 
Terms & Conditions of contract. The User Portal Agreement (Refer Cl.No.7 of Chapter -I) shall be a part  of 
NIT and will be uploaded under NIT document during online creation of tender. The format of “Letter of Bid 
(LoB)” will also be uploaded under NIT document during online creation of tender.  
1.2 GTE Templates : There will be tender specific standard GTE Templ ates available on the e -Procurement portal. 
While creating a tender the latest and appropriate GTE template is to be selected.  
1.3 Bid Openers : While creating the tender the “Bid Openers” will be identified who will be essentially from the 
Tender Committee. Th e maximum number of bid opener will be four and the minimum number will be two. It 
is advisable that “Two out of Three” or “Two out of Four” option for Bid Openers should be selected in 
general. In case of Tenders floated by any department at CIL/Subsidiar y HQ ., the Bid Openers will be the 
executives posted at CIL/Subsidiary HQ. only. In case of Tenders floated by Area, the Bid Openers will be the 
executives posted at Area office only and in case of Tenders floated by Project, the Bid Openers will be the 
executives posted at Project office only.  
1.4 Pre bid Meeting : Pre -bid meeting in compliance with different manuals of CIL may take place, if required, 
after publication of Tender but in any case at least 1 ( one) day before the start date of Bid submission. If a  Pre 
Bid meeting is held then the minutes of the Pre -Bid meeting shall be uploaded on the Portal, before start date of 
bid submission which can be viewed by all interested bidders.  
Note  (Not to be part of tender document) :- Any significant change in condition necessitated from Pre -Bid 
meeting shall require approval of respective FDs and subsequently, Tender schedule shall be shifted to a date 15 
days beyond the date on which changed condition is uploaded.  
1.5 Independent External Monitor (IEM)  : In each t ender having Estimated value above a threshold limit, an 
Independent External Monitor (IEM) is to be nominated as per Integrity Pact. IEM’s name and address is to be 
given in the NIT as well as in the online creation of tender and the Integrity Pact will b e a part of the NIT 
document. (the threshold limit for integrity pact will be decided as per the existing policy of the Company)  
1.6 Start date & End date of Bid submission : The bid submission will start from the next day of e -publication of 
NIT, but if there is a pre -bid meeting, bid submission will start on the next day of pre -bid meeting. For online 
submission of  bid the bidders should get minimum 15 (fifteen) days time (15x24 hours) for the tenders having 
Estimate value of Rs.50 lakhs & above and minimum 1 0 days time (10x24 hours) for the tenders having 
Estimate value of less than Rs.50 Lakhs. For the Global tenders this period will be minimum 30 days (30x24 
hours). For the Single Tender Enquiries this period will be minimum of 7 days (7 X 24 Hours).”.  Page 23 of 62 
  If number of bids received online is found to be less than three on end date of bid submission then the 
following critical dates of the Tender will be automatically extended initially for a period of two days ending at 
17.00 hrs and if the number of bids sti ll remains less than three then for another five days ending at 17.00 hrs:  
 Last date of submission of Bid  
 Last date of receipt of EMD  
 Date of opening of Tender  
 
If any of the above extended Dates falls on Holiday i.e. a non -working day as defined in the e -Procurement 
Portal then the same is to be rescheduled to the next working day.  
This extension will be also applicable in case of receipt of zero bid.  
The NIT s tipulations regarding the validity of the Bank Guarantee towards EMD should be enough to cover 
such period of extension.  
Notes:  
1. The validity period of tender should be decided based on the final end date of submission of bids.  
2. The auto extension shall wor k on the basis of number of bids received only. (It may so happen that any 
of these bids may be eventually rejected during Tender Opening, Technical evaluation or further process 
of evaluation resulting the total number of valid bids becoming less than thr ee.) 
3. After two extensions, the tender shall be opened irrespective of available number of bids on the extended 
date of opening of tender.  
 
1.7 Bid Validity Period : Bid Validity Period for “Works and  Services” tenders will be 120 days from the end date 
of bid s ubmission.  
1.8 Seeking Clarification by bidder : The bidder may seek clarification online within the specified period. The 
identity of the Bidder will not be disclosed by the system.  The department will clarify as far as possible the 
relevant queries of bidder s. The clarifications given by department will be visible to all the bidders intending to 
participate in that tender. The clarifications may be asked from the day of e -Publication of NIT. The period for 
seeking clarification by bidder will be up to 7 (seve n) days before the end date of bid submission. The replies to 
clarifications sought by bidders should be given by the department at least 2 (two) days before the end date of 
bid submission.  
In exceptional cases where a large number of queries from bidders  are expected, the period for seeking 
clarification may be kept maximum upto 15 (fifteen) days before the end date of bid submission, but the 
minimum period given to the bidders for seeking clarification should not be less than 10 (ten) days in such 
cases.  
The Tender Inviting Authority will be responsible for replying/responding to the clarifications online within the 
prescribed time frame. However, if the Tender Inviting Authority feels that the query is of such a nature that 
advice of tender committee or any other authority is required to give clarification, he may do so to reply the 
queries within the prescribed time limit. The queries of bidders clarified online and also unanswered queries of 
bidders shall be referred in the TCR.  
1.9 Format of Letter of Bid: There will be standard format of “Letter of Bid” in which the Name of work, NIT 
No. & Tender Id will be entered by Tender Creator and the same will be uploaded as a separate NIT document 
during online creation of tender.  
1.10 Format of  Price bid: Standard templates of “Price -bid/BoQ” for Item Rate and Percentage Rate tenders 
will be available on the e -Procurement portal. Here the bidder will have to quote for all the tendered items and Page 24 of 62 
 L-1 will be decided on overall quoted value. The Pr ice-bid will be framed in the standard latest BoQ template 
downloaded from e -Procurement portal and the same will be protected with Password and will be uploaded 
during online creation of tender.  
1.11 Downloading of Tender document : The Tender document can be downloaded by any prospective 
bidder from the e -Procurement portal free of cost. The download of tender document may start immediately 
after e -Publication of NIT and shall continue till the last date and time of bid submission.  
1.12 Tender ID : After creation of  tender a unique Tender Id is automatically generated by the system. This 
Tender Id will be referred in all future correspondence or Reports of the tender. This Tender Id should be 
indicated in the format of “Letter of Bid” uploaded by the Creator.  
2. PUBLICA TION OF TENDER  
 
2.1 Tender for the approved and financially concurred estimates will be published on the e -Procurement portal by 
authorized executives of CIL/ Subsidiary  with Digital Signature Certificate (DSC). The authorized executive for 
this purpose wil l normally be the HoD of the concerned tender inviting department.  
2.2 The created tenders shall be published on the dedicated e -Procurement portal of CIL and the details will be 
mirrored in the Central Public Procurement Portal ( http://eprocure.gov.in ) of Govt. of India.  
2.3 Publication of individual tenders in newspaper and other print media is dispensed with and one common 
window advertisement by CIL(HQ) and/or Subsidiary HQs may be published in national dailies, r egional and 
local newspapers, once in a fortnight, indicating that all the tenders issued by CIL and its Subsidiaries for 
procurement of Goods, Works and Services are available on the above portals and that procurement i s also 
done through GeM portal.  
Publication of t he following Common Window Advertisement in National dailies, regional and local 
newspapers on fortnight basis  may be arranged  and also arrange for scrolling of the same on the  respective 
Subsidiary  website . 
“All the tenders issued by CIL an d its Subsidiaries for procurement of Goods, Works and Services are available 
on website of Coal India Ltd.  www.coalindia.in , respective subsidiary Company, CIL e -Procurement 
portal  https://coalindiatenders.nic.in  and Central Public Procurement Portal  https://eprocure.gov.in . In 
addition, procurement is also done through GeM  portal  https://gem.gov.in .” 
3. CORRIGENDUM TO NIT  
 
Corrigendum should be issued only in exceptional cases. Pre -ponement of date for any event is not permitted.  
Issue of Corrigendum shall be guided by circular of CVO CIL vide reference CIL/VIG/2015/33011/01/526 
Dated 11.06.2015(available at CIL website under circulars).    
If date of submission of tender is to be extended, then the last date of submission of the t ender should be 
suitably extended with reasonable extension of time and to be notified well in advance to allow the intending 
tenderers adequate/reasonable time period for submission of their tender offers within the notified extended 
time period.  
In case of extension of Bid Submission, the minimum period of extension shall be of ten days.  
The maximum extension of period shall be limited as follows:  Page 25 of 62 
 With the approval of  Maximum Extension w.e.f original end date of bid submission  
Tender Inviting Authority  10 to 15 days  
Concerned Director  Up to 30 days  
However, in exceptional situations in case of any disruption of service in eProcurement portal infrastructure or 
EMD payment infrastructure, for a considerable period, an extension of end date of Bid submission for a period 
of 1-3 working days may be done after normal resumption of services. Bid opening date will correspondingly 
be extended.  This extension shall be effected by Application Administrator or by the Portal Service Provider 
for all the ten ders which are affected or likely to be affected due to such disruption of services/infrastructure  
The Corrigendum Notice will be published in e -procurement portal only and NIT shall include provision 
in this respect .  
4. SUBMISSION OF BID:  
 
4.1 The bidder  will submit their bid online. No off -line bid shall be accepted. However, in case of tenders having 
relaxation in eligibility criteria for co -operative societies formed by PAPs (Project Affected Persons), there will 
be provision for offline submission of bids by PAPs and online submission of bids by bidders other than PAPs 
in the same tender. The NIT should contain the appropriate clause for this provision like exemption of EMD 
and offline submission of bid by PAPs.  
4.2 The bidders will have to accept unco nditionally the online User Portal Agreement which contains the 
acceptance of all the Terms and Conditions of NIT including General and Special Terms & Conditions, 
Integrity Pact and other conditions, if any, along with online undertaking in support of the  authenticity of the 
declarations regarding the facts, figures, information and documents furnished by the Bidder online in order to 
become an eligible bidder. No conditional bid shall be allowed/accepted. This User Portal Agreement (Refer 
Cl.No.7 of Chapter -I) will be a part of NIT/Contract Document.  
  4.3  In the undertaking given by bidder online, there will be provision for penal action, if any 
information/declaration furnished online by the bidder against eligibility criteria is found to be wrong at any 
stage which changes the eligibility status of the bidder.  
     4.4 The bidder will have to make the payment of EMD through online mode only.  
In Online mode the bidder can make payment of EMD either through net -banking from designated Bank/s 
or thro ugh NEFT/RTGS from any scheduled Bank. In case of payment through net -banking the money will 
be immediately transferred to CIL/Subsidiary’s designated Account. In case of payment through 
NEFT/RTGS the bidder will have to make payment as per the Challan s generated by system on e -
Procurement portal and will have to furnish online the UTR Number s before submission of bid. Bidder will 
be allowed to submit his/her bid only when the EMD is successfully received in CIL/Subsidiary  account 
and the information flows from Bank to e -Procurement system.  
In case of exemption of EMD the scanned copy of document (attested by notary public) in support of 
exemption will have to be uploaded by the bidder during bid submission. However, this option is to be 
enabled only in those cases where the exemption of EMD to some bidders is allowed as per NIT.        
4.5 The EMD for Mining tenders and Turnkey Tenders will be as per Contract Management Manual and EMD 
for Civil, E&M and other tenders will be as per Manual of Civil Enginee ring Works of CIL and the existing 
policy of CIL.  Page 26 of 62 
      4.6 The qualification in bid will also be subject to the receipt and acceptance of EMD  (except in case of EMD 
exempted bidder)  within schedule date and time as mentioned in the NIT. CIL/Subsidiary shal l not be 
responsible for any postal delay in receipt of EMD.  
     4.7 The information will be provided by the bidder by filling up relevant data through a form in an objective and 
structured manner. The software will use the information provided by the bi dders to evaluate the technical bid 
automatically.  
     4.8 For online submission of tender the bidders will have to upload “Letter of Bid”, all the confirmatory documents 
as prescribed in the NIT  and Price bid  in Cover -I. In case of EMD exemption one more document in support of 
the claim of EMD exemption will have to be uploaded by the bidder in cover I.  
i). Letter of Bid: The format of Letter of Bid (as given in the NIT) will be downloaded by the bidder and w ill 
be printed on Bidder’s letter head and the scanned copy of the same will be uploaded during bid submission 
in cover -I. This will be the covering letter of the bidder for his submitted bid. The content of the “Letter of 
Bid” uploaded by the bidder must be the same as per the format downloaded from website and it should not 
contain any other information.  
The Letter of bid will be digitally signed by DSC holder submitting bid online and it does not require any 
physical signature. However, if the Letter of Bid (LoB) bears the physical signature in addition to the digital 
signature of DSC holder, it will be accepted without questioning the identity of person signing the Letter of 
Bid. 
ii). Technical Parameter Sheet(TPS) (If applicable as per standard NIT  and compatible with  the e-
procurement portal ): The Technical Parameter Sheet containing the technical specification parameters for 
the tendered work/service will be in Excel format (password protected) and will be uploaded during tender 
creation. This will be downloaded by the bidder and he will furnish all the required information on this 
Excel file. Thereafter, the bidder will upload the same Excel file during bid submission in General 
Technical Evaluation (GTE).  The Technical Parameter Sheet which is incomplete and not submitted as per 
instruction given above will be rejected.  
 
iii). Confirmatory Documents: All the confirmatory documents as enlisted in the NIT in support of online 
information submitted by the bidder are to be uploaded in cover -I by the bidder while submitting his/her 
bid.  
iv). Price bid: The Price bid containing the Bill of Quantity will be in .xls format (password protected) and will 
be uploaded during tender creation. This will be downloaded by the bidder and he will quote the rates for all 
items on this Excel file. Thereafter, the bidder will upload the same Excel file during bid submissio n in 
Cover -I. The Price -bid will be in Item Rate or Percentage Rate BOQ format and the bidder will have to 
quote for all the tendered items and the L -1 will be decided on overall quoted value (i.e. Cost to company) . 
The Price -bids of the tenderers will have  no condition. The Price Bid which is incomplete and not submitted 
as per instruction given above will be rejected.  
v). However, in case of tenders having provision for exemption of EMD, the bidder claiming for exemption 
will have to upload the requisite d ocument as specified in NIT in support of their claim for exemption of 
EMD.  
    4.9 If there is any change in the contents of Letter of Bid uploaded by bidder as compared to the format of Letter of 
Bid uploaded by the department with NIT document, then the  bid will be rejected.  However inclusion of any 
additional redundant information by the Bidder in the submitted Letter of Bid(LOB),  which does not contradict 
the content and spirit of original format of LOB uploaded by department will not be a cause of re jection of 
his/her bid.    Page 27 of 62 
    4.10 Modification and withdrawal of Bid  : Modification of the submitted bid shall be allowed online only before 
the deadline of submission of tender and the bidder may modify and resubmit the bid online as many times as 
he may wish.  
Bidders may withdraw their bids online within the end date of bid submission and their EMD will be refunded. 
However, if the bidder once withdraws his bid, he will not be able to resubmit the bid in that particular tender. 
For withdrawal of  bid afte r the end date of bid submission, the bidder will have to make a request in writing to 
the Tender Inviting Authority. Withdrawal of bid may be allowed till issue of work order/LOA with the 
following provision of penal action:  
1. the EMD will be forfeited and   
2. the bidder will be debarred for 1(One)  year from participating in tenders in CIL/Subsidiary .  
The Price -bid of all eligible bidders including this bidder will be opened and action will follow as under:  
i). If the bidder withdrawing his bid is other than L 1, the tender process shall go on.  
ii). If the bidder withdrawing his bid is L -1, then re -tender will be done.  
Note:  
In case of above, a letter will be issued to the bidder by Tender Inviting Authorit y with the approval of Tender 
Accepting Authority (in case Board is Tender Accepting Authority then with the approval of CMD), stating 
that the EMD of bidder is forfeited, and this bidder is debarred for one year from participating in tenders in 
CIL/Subsid iary. This letter will be circulated to all Areas and CIL/Subsidiary HQ. and the updated list will be 
maintained by all Tender Inviting Authority/Evaluators.  
Penal action against clauses above will be enforced from the date of issue of such order.  
iii) Th e standard operating procedure to handle withdrawal of bid after end date of submission is shall be as 
Clause no 14 of Chapter I  
 4.11Tender Status:  It will be the bidder’s responsibility to check the status of their Bid online regularly, after 
the opening of bid till award of contract.  Additionally, information shall also be sent by system generated e -
mail and SMS at nodal points ( Date of bid openin g, Requisition for Clarification on Confirmatory document 
from L -1 bidder, award of work etc.). No separate communication will be required in this regard. Non -receipt 
of e-mail and SMS will not be accepted as a reason of non -submission of Confirmatory docu ments within 
prescribed time.  This will be specifically mentioned in the NIT. The Tender Status will be in public domain 
and anyone visiting the site can view it by identifying the tender.   
  
 5. Technical Evaluation:  
 
 5.1 The e -Procurement System will evaluate the Technical bids automatically  on the basis of relevant data 
provided by bidder through a form in an objective and structured manner while submitting bid. If the parameter 
given by bidder in objective and structured manner does not confirm to re quired eligibility criteria as specified 
in the tender document then the bid will be automatically rejected by the system. All the documents uploaded 
by L1-bidder  and the Evaluation sheets generated by the system online shall be downloaded after opening of  
bid. 
 
 5.2 Acceptance of Bidder in a general form of online declaration will be recognized and accepted as the 
certification regarding authenticity of all the information and documents furnished by them online and 
acceptance of all terms and conditions of  the bid document, since such acceptance by Bidder with Digital 
Signature Certificate is legally tenable.  Page 28 of 62 
  
   6. OPENING AND EVALUATION OF TENDER:  
 
     6.1 Opening of bid: Tender will be decrypted and opened online by the “Bid Openers” with their Digital  
Signature Certificates on the prescheduled  date & time of Tender Opening.  
     6.2. Tender evaluation:  
A. After opening of bid, the documents submitted by L -1 bidder in cover I as enlisted in the NIT will be 
downloaded by the Evaluator and shall be put up to  the Tender Committee.  The Tender Committee will 
examine the uploaded documents against information/declarations furnished by the L1 bidder online. If it 
confirms to all of the information/ declarations furnished by the bidder online and does not change th e 
eligibility status of the bidder then the bidder will be considered eligible for award of Contract.  
B. In case the Tender Committee finds that there is some deficiency in uploaded documents corresponding to 
the information furnished online or in case corres ponding document have not been uploaded by bidder(s) 
then the same will be specified online by Evaluator clearly indicating the omissions/shortcomings in the 
uploaded documents and indicating start date and end date allowing 7 days (7 x 24 hours) time for online 
re-submission by bidder(s). The bidder(s) will get this information on their personalized dashboard under 
“Upload confirmatory document” link. Additionally, information shall also be sent by system generated 
email and SMS, but it will be the bidder’ s responsibility to check the updated status/information on their 
personalized dash board regularly after opening of bid. No separate communication will be required in this 
regard. Non -receipt of e -mail and SMS will not be accepted as a reason of non -submi ssion of documents 
within prescribed time. The bidder(s) will upload the scanned copy of all those specified documents in 
support of the information/ declarations furnished by them online within the specified period of 7 days. No 
further clarification shal l be sought from Bidder.  
C. The tender will be evaluated on the basis of documents uploaded by L -1 bidder online. The L -1 bidder is 
not required to submit hard copy of any document through offline mode. Any document  submitted offline 
will not be given any cognizance in the evaluation of tender.  
D. In case the L -1 bidder submits requisite documents online as per NIT, then the bidder will be considered 
eligible for award of Contract.  .  
E. In case the L -1 bidder fails to submit requisite documents online as per NIT or if any of the 
information/declaration furnished by L -1 bidder online is found to be wrong by Tender Committee during 
evaluation of scanned documents uploaded by bidder, which c hanges the eligibility status of the bidder, 
then his bid shall be rejected and EMD of L -1 bidder will be forfeited . 
F.     Deleted  
G. In case the L1 bidder is technically eligible but rejection is due to high rate quoted by him/her then the 
tender shall be canc elled and retendered.  
H. In case the L1 bidder is rejected due to noncompliance of confirmatory documents then the L -2 bidder will 
become L -1 bidder and confirmatory documents of this bidder shall be evaluated by TC and the process 
shall be followed a s menti oned in clause no. A to G above.  
I. The pro cess as mentioned at Cl. H  shall be repeated till the work is either awarded or all the eligible bidders 
are exhausted.  
J. In case none of the bidder complies the technical requirement, then re -tender will be done (with the same or 
different quantity, as per the instant requirement).   Page 29 of 62 
 K. Verification of document shall be dealt as per  Cl no 15  of Chapter I .( Not a part of Tender document)  
L. It is responsibility of Bidders to upload legible/clearly readable scanned copy of all the required documents 
as mentioned above.  
A. Procurement from Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) (Applicable for Service Tenders) 
(Limited to tenders with ECV 2 Crore for Chapter 3 of CMM -for transportation of coal/sand/ wagon 
loading/loading of coal by pay loader in tippers/trucks etc.)  
i) Subject to meeting terms and conditions stated in the tender document including but not limiting to 
prequalification criteria, 2 5% of the work will be awarded to MSE as defined in MSE Procurement Policy 
issued by Department of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) for the tendered work/item. Where 
the tendered work can be split, MSE quoting a price within a price band of L1 + 15% shall be awarded at 
least 25% of total tendered work provided they match L1 price. In case the tendered work cannot be split, 
MSE shall be awarded full work provided their quoted price is within a price band of L1 + 15% and they 
match the L1 price.  
 
ii) In case of more than one such MSEs are in the price band of L1 + 15% and matches the L1 price, the 
work may be shared proportionately if the job can be split. If the job cannot be split, then the opportunity to 
match the L -1 rate of the tender shall be given  first to MSE who has quoted lowest rate among the MSEs 
and the total job shall be awarded to them after matching the L -1 price of the tender. If the MSE who have 
quoted lowest rate among the MSEs in the price band of L1 + 15% do not agree to match the rat e of L1 of 
the tender, then the MSE with next higher quoted rate in the price band of L1 + 15% shall be given chance 
to match the rate of L1 for award of the complete job. This process to be repeated in till work is awarded to 
MSE or MSE bidders are exhaus ted. 
 
iii) Out of the 25% target of annual procurement from micro and small enterprises 3(three) percent shall be 
earmarked for procurement from micro and small enterprises owned by women. In the event of failure of 
such MSEs to participate in the tender process or meet the tender requirements and L1 price, 3(three) 
percent sub -target so earmarked shall be met from other MSEs.  
 
iv) Out of the 25% target of annual procurement from micro and small enterprises 4(four) percent shall be 
earmarked for procurement fr om micro and small enterprises owned by Scheduled Caste & Scheduled Tribe 
entrepreneurs. In the event of failure of such MSEs to participate in the tender process or meet the tender 
requirements and L1 price, four percent sub -target so earmarked shall be m et from other MSEs.  
 
v) To qualify for entitlement as SC/ST owned MSE, the SC/ST certificate issued by District Authority must 
be submitted by the bidder in addition to certificate of registration with anyone of the agencies mentioned in 
paragraph (I) above. The bidder shall be responsible to furnish necessary documentary evidence for enabling 
CIL to ascertain that the MSE is owned by SC/ST. MSE owned by SC/ST is defined as:  
 In case of proprietary MSE, proprietor(s) shall be SC /ST  
• In case of partnership MSE, The SC/ST partners shall be holding at least 51% shares in the 
enterprise.  
 In case of Private Limited Companies, at least 51% share shall be held by SC/ST promoters.  
 
vi) Classification of Micro and Small Enterprise are as under:  
a. Micro Enterprise -Enterprise where the investment in equipment does not exceed Rupees Ten Lakhs.  
b. Small Enterprise - Enterprise where the investment in equipment is more than Rupees Ten Lakhs but does 
not exceed Rupees Two crores.  Page 30 of 62 
 vii) The MSEs should be registe red with District Industries Centers (DICs)/ Khadi & Village Industries 
Commission (KVIC)/ Khadi & Village Industries Board (KVIB)/ Coir Board/ NSIC/ Directorate of 
Handicrafts and Handloom or any other body specified by Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium E nterprises 
(MoMSME) are eligible for availing benefits under the Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small 
Enterprise (MSEs) Order, 2012.  
 
viii) The MSEs are required to submit copy of documentary evidence, issued by their registering authority 
whether they are small enterprise or micro enterprise as per provisions of Public Procurement Policy for 
Micro and Small Enterprise (MSEs) Order, 2012 with latest guidelines/clarifications provided by 
MoMSME.  
 
Note: Not to be a part of tender document  
 
a) SME shall be all owed to participate in transport contracts (as per Chapter 3 of CMM of CIL) for 
Coal/Sand/Wagon loading/ Loading of coal by pay loader in tippers/trucks etc. upto Rs. 2 crores as per 
prevailing guidelines of GoI.  
b) As per clarification received from Ministry  of MSME vide F.No.21(12)/2016 -MA dated 15th June 2018:  
 
Quote  
Subject: Clarification regarding Public Procurement Policy -Applicability to Works Contract reg.  
 
Kindly refer to your e -mail dated 13.06.2018 along with letter No.GAIL/ND/C&P/CO/MSME /2018 -
19/01/Rem on the subject cited above.  
 
In this context, it is to inform that Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) 
Order, 2012 supersedes all previous order/circular/letter issues by this office relating procurement of goods 
and serv ices and also to inform you that as per PP Policy -2012, Works contract are not covered under PP 
Policy.  
Unquote  
M. M. Preference to Make in India (as applicable) vide Order No. P -45021/2/2017 -PP (BE -II) issued by Govt. 
of India as amended from time to time shall be applicable. Accordingly, provisions of these guidelines are 
to be modified suitably.  
    6.3 The Tender Committee will recommend for award of work to the successful bidder after evaluating their 
technical eligibility based on the computer generate d evaluation sheets followed by evaluation of the scanned 
documents uploaded by L -1 bidder in support of the information furnished by them online and after evaluation 
of the reasonableness of L -1 rates. The reasonableness of rates will be evaluated as per the provisions of 
Manual of CIL and other guidelines issued from time to time.  
The approval for award of work to L -1 bidder will be accorded by the competent authority as per Delegation of 
Power based on the TC recommendation.  
  6.4 After competent approva l and financial concurrence of TCR, the work order to the L -1 bidder will be issued 
and the scanned copy of the Work Order will be uploaded on the e -Procurement portal and simultaneously the 
original copy will be sent to the bidder through registered/speed  post.  
     6.5 Any tender hosted on the e -Procurement site must be logically concluded i.e. either Award of work is issued at 
AOC page on e -Procurement portal in online mode or the tender is cancelled/ retendered online through 
corrigendum.  Page 31 of 62 
 6.5(A) If L1 b idder backs out (i.e. Techno commercially established  L1 bidder), the EMD will be forfeited and 
the bidder will be debarred for minimum one (1) year from participating in tenders in CIL/Subsidiary.  
(“Note (Not part of tender document): - 
 
In the above case,  approval of Tender accepting authority (TAA) shall be taken. In case Board or Empowered 
Committee or FDs of CIL/Subsidiary or CMD is tender accepting authority, then the approval of CMD of 
CIL/Subsidiary is to be obtained and if the TAA is below CMD level  then approval of TAA shall be obtained.”  
However, banning shall be done as per Guidelines for Banning Business  as per Cl no 16  of Chapter 1 . ) 
    6.6    EMD Refund :  
a. If EMD is paid by the bidder in online mode (Direct Debit/NEFT/RTGS) then the EMD of re jected 
bidders will be refunded at any stage directly to the account from where it had been received (except the 
cases where EMD is to be forfeited).  
 
b. No claim from the bidders will be entertained for non -receipt of the refund in any account other than 
the one from where the money is received.  
c. If the refund of EMD is not received by the bidder in the account from which the EMD has been made 
due to any technical reason then it will be paid through conventional system of e -payment. For this 
purpose, if requi red, Tender Inviting Authority will obtain the Mandate Form from the Bidder.  
d. In case the tender is cancelled then EMD of all the participating bidders will be refunded unless it is 
forfeited by the department.  
e. If the bidder withdraws his/her bid online (i. e. before the end date of submission of tender) then his/her 
EMD will be refunded automatically after the opening of tender.  
f. The EMD of successful bidder (on Award of Contract) will be retained by CIL/Subsidiary and will be 
adjusted to Performance Security  Deposit. However, EMD deposited by the L -1 bidder in the form of 
BG will be discharged when the bidder furnishes the required Performance Security Deposit (PSD) and 
sign the agreement.  
 
    7. REVOCATION OF TENDER PROCESS:  The online evaluation of tender must be performed by the 
Evaluator with utmost care and diligence. The Evaluator of tender must ensure that the decision of Tender 
Committee is correctly uploaded on the e -Procurement portal.  
However, there may be situatio n when the decision of Tender Committee may have to be changed subsequently 
on account of a Court’s verdict. Also, there may be circumstances when online evaluation of tender is not done 
correctly due to mistake by the Evaluator or due to technical error i n the system, which may lead to cancellation 
of tender.  
In order to avoid the cancellation of tender in such cases, the tender process needs be reverted back to 
appropriate stage ( i.e. bid Opening stage  etc.) to comply with the Court’s verdict or to rectif y the error 
committed by the Evaluator.  This provision in the e -Procurement system has been introduced with an objective 
to abide by the Court’s verdict or to ensure that the tender process should not suffer due to any mistake 
committed by an individual o r due to any technical error in the system.  
Revocation of Tender process back to Technical -bid opening stage or Price -bid opening stage from an 
advanced stage shall be done under the following circumstances:  
 
a. To comply with the directives of Hon’ble Court  of Law.  
  Page 32 of 62 
 b. If the Evaluator makes a mistake in online evaluation of tender, which is not in line with the Tender 
Committee decision?  
 
c. If there is a error in the online evaluation of tender due to technical error in the system.  
 
Revocation of Tender proces s will be done with the specific approval of the concerned Director.  
In all such cases the Tender Revocation Notice must contain the details of the circumstances leading to 
revocation of tender process.  
 
The Revocation of Tender on the e -Procurement porta l can be done by way of creation and publication of 
corrigendum. However, since Revocation of Tender, in true sense, is not a Corrigendum to NIT, the Tender 
Revocation Notice will be uploaded only on the e -Procurement portal.  
 
In case of revocation of Tender at any stage the auto -refund of EMD may not work properly and in such case it 
may be required that Tender Inviting Authority to arrange refund of EMD through conventional system of 
refund of EMD.  
 
    8. CANCELLATION OF TENDER:    Any tender publishe d on the e -Procurement portal must be 
concluded to its logical end i.e. either “Award of Contract” or “Cancellation of Tender” or “Retender”.  
It will be the responsibility of the Publisher of tender to conclude the published tenders to its logical end wit hin 
the original bid validity period.  
Tenders should be cancelled only under exceptional cases with due approval of Tender Approving Authority.  
In case of tenders where Board of Directors of CIL/Subsidiary is the Tender Approving Authority, in such 
cases the approval of Chairman/CMD, CIL/Subsidiary will be required. However, for cancellation of Tender 
due to non -receipt of any bid, no approval will be required.  
In all such cases the Tender Cancellation Notice must contain the details of the circumstances l eading to 
cancellation of tender.  
The Cancellation of Tender on the e -Procurement portal can be done by way of creation and publication of 
corrigendum. However, since Cancellation of Tender, in true sense, is not a Corrigendum to NIT, the Tender 
Cancellati on Notice will be uploaded only on the e -Procurement portal.  
     9. All the details of technical bid and price bid will be kept preserved in the archives for auditing purposes and the 
same can be accessed with special authorization. The IP address of all the bidders who has participated in the 
bid along with timing and date will also be kept preserved in the system.  
     10. The processes f or entering into the agreement with the successful bidder will be done offline as per the 
prevailing manual system. Ho wever, the documents required to be submitted by contractor for executing the 
agreement will be specified in the Tender document.  
                                       *****************************************  
 
 
 
 Page 33 of 62 
 e-PROCUREMENT FOR WORKS AND SERVICES  
PART  I(B) 
(Applicable for Two  Part  System)  
 
 
1. CREATION OF TENDER  
 
1.1 Tender for the approved and financially concurred estimates will be created online by tender dealing officer 
(CREATOR)( Form of Contract ) of the concerned tender inviting department indicating all  the salient details 
such as description of work, estimated value, period of work, bid validity period, date of pre -bid meeting (if 
required), start date and last date & time of submission of bid, period for seeking clarifications online by the 
bidder, dat e and time of opening of Technical bid, etc. and by uploading Notice Inviting Tender (NIT) and 
Terms & Conditions of contract. The User Portal Agreement (Refer Cl.No.7 of Chapter -I) shall be a part of 
NIT and will be uploaded under NIT document during onli ne creation of tender. The format of “Letter of Bid 
(LoB)” will also be uploaded under NIT document during online creation of tender.  
1.2 GTE Templates : There will be tender specific standard GTE Templates available on the e -Procurement portal. 
While creating a tender the latest and appropriate GTE template is to be selected.  
1.3 Bid Openers : While creating the tender the “Bid Openers” will be identified who will be essentially from the 
Tender Committee. The maximum number of bid opener will be four and the minimum  number will be two. It 
is advisable that “Two out of Three” or “Two out of Four” option for Bid Openers should be selected in 
general. In case of Tenders floated by any department at CIL/Subsidiary HQ ., the Bid Openers will be the 
executi ves posted at CIL /Subsidiary HQ  only. In case of Tenders floated by Area, the Bid Openers will be the 
executives posted at Area office only and in case of Tenders floated by Project, the Bid Openers will be the 
executives posted at Project office only.  
1.4 Pre bid Meeting : Pre -bid meeting in compliance with different manuals of CIL may take place, if required, 
after publication of Tender but in any case at least 1 ( one) day before the start date of Bid submission. If a Pre 
Bid meeting is held then the minutes of the Pre -Bid mee ting shall be uploaded on the Portal, before start date of 
bid submission which can be viewed by all interested bidders.  
Note  (Not to be part of tender document) :- Any significant change in condition necessitated from Pre -Bid 
meeting shall require approval  of respective FDs and subsequently, Tender schedule shall be shifted to a date 15 
days beyond the date on which changed condition is uploaded.  
1.5 Independent External Monitor (IEM) : In each tender having Estimated value above a threshold limit, an 
Independent External Monitor (IEM) is to be nominated as per Integrity Pact. IEM’s name and address is to be 
given in the NIT as well as in the online creation of tender and the Integrity Pact will be a part of the NIT 
document. (the threshold limit for in tegrity pact will be decided as per the existing policy of the Company)  
1.6 Start date & End date of Bid submission : The bid submission will start from the next day of e -publication of 
NIT, but if there is a pre -bid meeting, bid submission will start on the ne xt day of pre -bid meeting. For online 
submission of  bid the bidders should get minimum 15 (fifteen) days time (15x24 hours) for the tenders having 
Estimate value of Rs.50 lakhs & above and minimum 10 days time (10x24 hours) for the tenders having 
Estimate  value of less than Rs.50 Lakhs. For the Global tenders this period will be minimum 30 days (30x24 
hours). For the Single Tender Enquiries this period will be minimum of 7 days (7 X 24 Hours).”.  Page 34 of 62 
  If number of bids received online is found to be less than three on end date of bid submission then the 
following critical dates of the Tender will be automatically extended initially for a period of two days ending at 
17.00 hrs and if the number of bids still remains less than three then for another five days end ing at 17.00 hrs:  
 Last date of submission of Bid  
 Last date of receipt of EMD  
 Date of opening of Tender  
 
If any of the above extended Dates falls on Holiday i.e. a non -working day as defined in the e -Procurement 
Portal then the same is to be rescheduled to  the next working day.  
This extension will be also applicable in case of receipt of zero bid.  
The NIT stipulations regarding the validity of the Bank Guarantee towards EMD should be enough to cover 
such period of extension.  
Notes:  
1. The validity period of  tender should be decided based on the final end date of submission of bids.  
2. The auto extension shall work on the basis of number of bids received only. (It may so happen that any 
of these bids may be eventually rejected during Tender Opening, Technical ev aluation or further process 
of evaluation resulting the total number of valid bids becoming less than three.)  
3. After two extensions, the tender shall be opened irrespective of available number of bids on the extended 
date of opening of tender.  
4. Date of openi ng of Bid of Part -I and Part -II shall be mentioned in the NIT. However, in case opening of 
Part-II is not possible on pre -defined date as mentioned in the NIT then approval of TAA shall be taken. 
(When TAA is CMD then with the approval of concerned Directo r and in case the TAA is above CMD 
(i.e. FDs/Empowered Committee/Board) then with the approval of CMD. In case TAA is below CMD, 
then approval of respective TAA is required.)  
 
1.7 Bid Validity Period : Bid Validity Period for “Works and Services” tenders will be 120 days from the 
end date of bid submission.  
1.8 Seeking Clarification by bidder : The bidder may seek clarification online within the specified period. The 
identity of the Bidder will not be disclosed by the system.  The department will clarify as far as p ossible the 
relevant queries of bidders. The clarifications given by department will be visible to all the bidders intending to 
participate in that tender. The clarifications may be asked from the day of e -Publication of NIT. The period for 
seeking clarifi cation by bidder will be up to 7 (seven) days before the end date of bid submission. The replies to 
clarifications sought by bidders should be given by the department at least 2 (two) days before the end date of 
bid submission.  
In exceptional cases where a large number of queries from bidders are expected, the period for seeking 
clarification may be kept maximum upto 15 (fifteen) days before the end date of bid submission, but the 
minimum period given to the bidders for seeking clarification should not be less than 10 (ten) days in such 
cases.  
The Tender Inviting Authority will be responsible for replying/responding to the clarifications online within the 
prescribed time frame. However, if the Tender Inviting Authority feels that the query is of such a natu re that 
advice of tender committee or any other authority is required to give clarification, he may do so to reply the 
queries within the prescribed time limit. The queries of bidders clarified online and also unanswered queries of 
bidders shall be referre d in the TCR.  Page 35 of 62 
 1.9 Format of Letter of Bid: There will be standard format of “Letter of Bid” in which the Name of work, NIT 
No. & Tender Id will be entered by Tender Creator and the same will be uploaded as a separate NIT document 
during online creation of tend er.  
1.10 Format of Price bid: Standard templates of “Price -bid/BoQ” for Item Rate and Percentage Rate tenders 
will be available on the e -Procurement portal. Here the bidder will have to quote for all the tendered items and 
L-1 will be decided on overall quoted  value. The Price -bid will be framed in the standard latest BoQ template 
downloaded from e -Procurement portal and the same will be protected with Password and will be uploaded 
during online creation of tender.  
1.11 Downloading of Tender document : The Tender do cument can be downloaded by any prospective 
bidder from the e -Procurement portal free of cost. The download of tender document may start immediately 
after e -Publication of NIT and shall continue till the last date and time of bid submission.  
1.12 Tender ID : Aft er creation of tender a unique Tender Id is automatically generated by the system. This 
Tender Id will be referred in all future correspondence or Reports of the tender. This Tender Id should be 
indicated in the format of “Letter of Bid” uploaded by the Cr eator.  
2. PUBLICATION OF TENDER  
 
2.1 Tender for the approved and financially concurred estimates will be published on the e -Procurement portal by 
authorized executives of CIL/ Subsidiary  with Digital Signature Certificate (DSC). The authorized executive for 
this purpose will normally be the HoD of the concerned tender inviting department.  
2.2 The created tenders shall be published on the dedicated e -Procurement portal of CIL and the deta ils will be 
mirrored in the Central Public Procurement Portal ( http://eprocure.gov.in ) of Govt. of India.  
2.3 Publication of individual tenders in newspaper and other print media is dispensed with and one common 
window advertisement by CIL(HQ) and/or Subsidiary HQs may be published in national dailies, regional and 
local newspapers, once in a fortnight, indicating that all the tenders issued by CIL and its Subsidiaries for 
procurement of Goods, Works and Services are available on the above portals and that procurement is also 
done through GeM portal.  
Publication of the following Common Window Advertisement in National dailies, regional and local 
newspapers on fortnight basis may be arranged and also arrange for scr olling of the same on the respective 
Subsidiary website.  
“All the tenders issued by CIL and its Subsidiaries for procurement of Goods, Works and Services are available 
on website of Coal India Ltd.  www.coalindia.in , respective subsidiary Company, CIL e -Procurement 
portal  https://coalindiatenders.nic.in  and Central Public Procurement Portal  https://eprocure.gov.in . In 
addition, procurement is also done through GeM portal  https://gem.gov.in .” 
3. CORRIGENDUM TO NIT  
 
Corrigendum should be issued only in exceptional cases. Pre -ponement of date for  any event is not permitted.  
Issue of Corrigendum shall be guided by circular of CVO CIL vide reference CIL/VIG/2015/33011/01/526 
Dated 11.06.2015(available at CIL website under circulars).    
If date of submission of tender is to be extended, then the la st date of submission of the tender should be 
suitably extended with reasonable extension of time and to be notified well in advance to allow the intending 
tenderers adequate/reasonable time period for submission of their tender offers within the notified extended 
time period.  Page 36 of 62 
 In case of extension of Bid Submission, the minimum period of extension shall be of ten days.  
The maximum extension of period shall be limited as follows:  
With the approval of  Maximum Extension w.e.f original end date of bid submission  
Tender Inviting Authority  10 to 15 days  
Concerned Director  Up to 30 days  
However, in exceptional situations in case of any disruption of service in eProcurement portal infrastructure or 
EMD payment infrastructure, for a considerable period, an extension of end date of Bid submission for a period 
of 1-3 working days may be done after normal resumption of services. Bid opening date will correspondingly 
be extended.  This extension shall be effected by Application Administrator or by the Portal Service Provider 
for all the tenders which are affected or likely to be affected due to such disruption of services/infrastructure  
The Corrigendum Notice will be published in e -procurement portal only and NIT shall include provision 
in this respect.  
4. SUBMISSION OF BID:  
 
4.1 The bidder will submit their bid online. No off -line bid shall be accepted. However, in case of tenders having 
relaxation in eligibility criteria for co -operative societies formed by PAPs (Project Affected Persons), there will 
be provision for offline submission of bids by PAPs and online submission of bids by bidders other than PAPs 
in the same tender. The NIT should contain the appropriate clause for this provision like exemption of EMD 
and offline submission of bid by PAPs.  
4.2 The bidders will have to accept unconditionally the online User Portal Agreement which contains the 
acceptance of all the Terms and Conditions of NIT including General and Special Terms & Conditions, 
Integrity Pact and other conditions, if any, along with online undertaking in support of the authenticity of the 
declarations regarding the facts, figures, information and documents furnished by the Bidder online in order to 
become an eligible bidder. No conditional bid shall be allowed/accepted. This User Port al Agreement (Refer 
Cl.No.7 of Chapter -I) will be a part of NIT/Contract Document.  
  4.3  In the undertaking given by bidder online, there will be provision for penal action, if any 
information/declaration furnished online by the bidder against eligibility  criteria is found to be wrong at any 
stage which changes the eligibility status of the bidder.  
     4.4 The bidder will have to make the payment of EMD through online mode only.  
In Online mode the bidder can make payment of EMD either through net -banking  from designated Bank/s 
or through NEFT/RTGS from any scheduled Bank. In case of payment through net -banking the money will 
be immediately transferred to CIL/Subsidiary’s designated Account. In case of payment through 
NEFT/RTGS the bidder will have to make  payment as per the Challan s generated by system on e -
Procurement portal and will have to furnish online the UTR Number s before submission of bid. Bidder will 
be allowed to submit his/her bid only when the EMD is successfully received in CIL/Subsidiary  account 
and the information flows from Bank to e -Procurement system.  
In case of exemption of EMD the scanned copy of document (attested by notary public) in support of 
exemption will have to be uploaded by the bidder during bid submission. However, this op tion is to be 
enabled only in those cases where the exemption of EMD to some bidders is allowed as per NIT.       Page 37 of 62 
 4.5 The EMD for Mining tenders and Turnkey Tenders will be as per Contract Management Manual and EMD 
for Civil, E&M and other tenders will be as per Manual of Civil Engineering Works of CIL and the existing 
policy of CIL.  
     4.6 The qualification in bid will also be subject to the receipt and acceptance of EMD (except in case of EMD 
exempted bidder) within schedule date and time as mentioned i n the NIT. CIL/Subsidiary shall not be 
responsible for any postal delay in receipt of EMD.  
     4.7 The information will be provided by the bidder by filling up relevant data through a form in an objective and 
structured manner. The software will use the information provided by the bidders to evaluate the technical bid 
automatically.  
     4.8 For online submission of tender the bidders will have to upload “Letter of Bid”, all the confirmatory documents 
as prescribed in the NIT and TPS( if applicable)  in C over-I and only “Price -bid” in Cover -II. In case of EMD 
exemption one more document in support of the claim of EMD exemption will have to be uploaded by the 
bidder in cover I.  
i). Letter of Bid: The format of Letter of Bid (as given in the NIT) will be do wnloaded by the bidder and will 
be printed on Bidder’s letter head and the scanned copy of the same will be uploaded during bid submission 
in cover -I. This will be the covering letter of the bidder for his submitted bid. The content of the “Letter of 
Bid” uploaded by the bidder must be the same as per the format downloaded from website and it should not 
contain any other information.  
The Letter of bid will be digitally signed by DSC holder submitting bid online and it does not require any 
physical signature . However, if the Letter of Bid (LoB) bears the physical signature in addition to the digital 
signature of DSC holder, it will be accepted without questioning the identity of person signing the Letter of 
Bid. 
ii). Technical Parameter Sheet(TPS) (If applica ble as per standard NIT):  The Technical Parameter Sheet 
containing the technical specification parameters for the tendered work/service will be in Excel format 
(password protected) and will be uploaded during tender creation. This will be downloaded by the  bidder 
and he will furnish all the required information on this Excel file. Thereafter, the bidder will upload the 
same Excel file during bid submission in General Technical Evaluation (GTE).  The Technical Parameter 
Sheet which is incomplete and not submitted as per instruction given above will be rejected.  
 
iii). Confirmatory Documents: All the confirmatory documents as enlisted in the NIT in support of online 
information submitted by the bid der are to be uploaded in cover -I by the bidder while submitting his/her 
bid.  
iv). Price bid: The Price bid containing the Bill of Quantity will be in .xls format (password protected) and will 
be uploaded during tender creation. This will be downloaded by  the bidder and he will quote the rates for all 
items on this Excel file. Thereafter, the bidder will upload the same Excel file during bid submission in 
Cover -II. The Price -bid will be in Item Rate or Percentage Rate BOQ format and the bidder will have to  
quote for all the tendered items and the L -1 will be decided on overall quoted value(i.e. Cost to company). 
The Price -bids of the tenderers will have no condition. The Price Bid which is incomplete and not submitted 
as per instruction given above will be rejected.  
v). However, in case of tenders having provision for exemption of EMD, the bidder claiming for exemption 
will have to upload the requisite document as specified in NIT in support of their claim for exemption of 
EMD.  
    4.9 If there is any change  in the contents of Letter of Bid uploaded by bidder as compared to the format of Letter of 
Bid uploaded by the department with NIT document, then the bid will be rejected.  However inclusion of any Page 38 of 62 
 additional redundant information by the Bidder in the subm itted Letter of Bid(LOB),  which does not contradict 
the content and spirit of original format of LOB uploaded by department will not be a cause of rejection of 
his/her bid.    
   4.10 Modification of the submitted bid shall be allowed on -line only before t he deadline of submission of tender 
and the bidder may modify and resubmit the bid on -line as many times as he may wish.  
Bidders may withdraw their bids online within the end date of bid submission and their EMD will be 
refunded. However, if the bidder on ce withdraws his bid, he will not be able to resubmit the bid in that 
particular tender. For withdrawal of bid after the end date of bid submission, the bidder will have to make a 
request in writing to the Tender Inviting Authority. Withdrawal of bid may b e allowed till issue of work 
order/LOA with the following provision of penal action:   
a. If the request of withdrawal is received before online notification for opening of price bid, the EMD will 
be forfeited and bidder will be debarred for 1 (one) year from participating in tenders in CIL/Subsidiary. The 
Price -bid of remaining bidders will  be opened and the tender process shall go on.   
b. If the request of withdrawal is received after online notification for opening of price bid, the EMD will be 
forfeited and the bidder will be debarred for minimum 1 (one) year from participating in tender s in 
CIL/Subsidiary. The Price -bid of all eligible bidders including this bidder will be opened and action will 
follow as under:  
i). If the bidder withdrawing his bid is other than L 1, the tender process shall go on.   
ii). If the bidder withdrawing his bid is L -1, then re -tender will be done.   
Note:  
i).  In case of clause (a) & (b) above, a letter will be issued to the bidder by Tender Inviting Authority with 
the approval of Tender Accepting Authority ( When TAA is CMD then with the approval of concerne d 
Director and in case the TAA is above CMD (i.e. FDs/Empowered Committee/Board) then with the 
approval of CMD. In case TAA is below CMD, then approval of respective TAA is required. ), stating that 
the EMD of bidder is forfeited, and this bidder is debarre d for 1 (one) year (in case of clause -a) OR 
minimum one (1) year (in case of clause -b) from participating in tenders in CIL/Subsidiary. This letter will 
be circulated to all Areas of the Subsidiary and the updated list will be maintained by all Tender Invi ting 
Authority/Evaluators.  
ii). Penal action against clause (a) & (b) above will be enforced from the date of issue of such order. The 
standard operating procedure to handle withdrawal of bid after end date of submission shall be as Clause no 
14 of Chapter  I. 
 4.11Tender Status:  It will be the bidder’s responsibility to check the status of their Bid online regularly, after 
the opening of bid till award of contract.  Additionally, information shall also be sent by system generated e -
mail and SMS at nodal poi nts (Date of bid opening, Requisition for Clarification on Confirmatory document 
from L -1 bidder, award of work etc.). No separate communication will be required in this regard. Non -receipt 
of e-mail and SMS will not be accepted as a reason of non -submissi on of Confirmatory documents within 
prescribed time.  This will be specifically mentioned in the NIT. The Tender Status will be in public domain 
and anyone visiting the site can view it by identifying the tender.   
  
 5. OPENING OF TECHNICAL BID : Page 39 of 62 
  
 5.1 Open ing of Technical bid: The Technical bid (Cover -I) will be opened one day after the Bid submission 
end date or next working day whichever is later. Technical bid (Cover -I) will be decrypted and opened 
online by the “Bid Openers” with their Digital Signature  Certificates on the prescheduled date & time of 
Tender Opening.  
 
5.2 The e -Procurement System will evaluate the Technical bids automatically on the basis of relevant data 
provided by bidder through a form in an objective and structured manner while submitting bid. If the 
parameter given by bidder in objective and structured manner does not confirm to required eligibility criteria 
as specified in the tender document then the bid will be rejected.  
5.3. All the documents uploaded by bidder(s) including i.e. Letter of Bid & EMD exemption documents (if any) 
and the Evaluation sheets generated by the system online shall be downloaded after opening of Technical bid 
(Cover -I). After decryption and opening of Technical bid (Cover -I) the “technical bid opening summary” will 
be uploaded on the same day.  
   6. EVALUATION OF TENDER:  
 
     6.1 After opening of Technical bid following process shall be followed.  
6.2. Evaluation of  Tender:  
A. After opening of Technical bid, the documents submitted by bidder(s) in cover I as enlisted in the NIT 
will be downloaded by the Evaluator and shall be put up to the Tender Committee.  The Tender 
Committee will examine the uploaded documents against information/declarations furnished by the 
bidder(s) online. If it confirms to all of th e information/ declarations furnished by the bidder online and 
does not change the eligibility status of the bidder then the bidder will be considered eligible for opening 
of price bid . 
B. In case the Tender Committee finds that there is some deficiency in up loaded documents corresponding 
to the information furnished online or in case corresponding document have not been uploaded by 
bidder(s) then the same will be specified online by Evaluator clearly indicating the 
omissions/shortcomings in the uploaded docum ents and indicating start date and end date allowing 7 
days (7 x 24 hours) time for online re -submission by bidder(s). The bidder(s) will get this information on 
their personalized dashboard under “Upload confirmatory document” link. Additionally, informat ion 
shall also be sent by system generated email and SMS, but it will be the bidder’s responsibility to check 
the updated status/information on their personalized dash board regularly after opening of bid. No 
separate communication will be required in this  regard. Non -receipt of e -mail and SMS will not be 
accepted as a reason of non -submission of documents within prescribed time. The bidder(s) will upload 
the scanned copy of all those specified documents in support of the information/ declarations furnished  
by them online within the specified period of 7 days. No further clarification shall be sought from 
Bidder.  
C. It is responsibility of Bidders to upload legible/clearly readable scanned copy of all the required 
documents as mentioned above.  
D. The tender will b e evaluated on the basis of documents uploaded by bidder(s) online. The bidder(s) 
is/are not required to submit hard copy of any document through offline mode. Any document  submitted 
offline will not be given any cognizance in the evaluation of tender.  Page 40 of 62 
 E. In case the bidder(s) submit(s) requisite documents online as per NIT, then the bidder(s) will be 
considered eligible for opening of Price Bid.  
F. Seeking clarification shall be restricted to confirmation of submitted document/online information only 
and it shou ld be only for one time for a period of upto 7 days. The clarification shall be taken in online mode 
in the e -Procurement portal of CIL only.  
 
G. The verification of Document from source shall be done only in case of complaints received or on 
suspicion. This should be done either through speed post or through electronic communication. No 
anonymous/pseudonymous complaints shall be entertained.  
Note: Not to be part of tender document  
 
H. In case bidder(s) fails to confirm the online submitted information(s)/ declar ation(s) by the submitted 
documents as (B) above, their/his bid shall be rejected; however, if the confirmatory documents do not 
change eligibility status of the bidder in connection his submitted online information(s)/declaration(s), then 
his/their bid wi ll be accepted for opening of Price Bid.  
 
I. The price Bid of eligible Bidder in Technical Bid shall be opened with the approval of Tender 
Approving Authority (TAA *) based on recommendation of Tender Committee.  
 
(Note: ‘ I’ above not to be part of tender document.)  
*When TAA is CMD then with the approval of concerned Director and in case the TAA is above CMD 
level (i.e. FDs/Empowered Committee/Board) then with the approval of CMD. In case TAA is below CMD 
level, then approval of respective TAA is required.  
J. After Technical evaluation of tender, “Technical Evaluation Summary” will be uploaded by the 
evaluator and price bid shall be opened on preschedule date and time mentioned in the NIT online in the e -
Procurement portal of CIL. However, in case there is any  extension of date and time of price bid opening, it 
shall be notified online and price bid shall be opened online on e -Procurement portal of CIL at rescheduled 
date and time.  
K. In case none of the bidder(s) complies the technical eligibility criteria as per NIT, then bidder(s) will be 
rejected online and re -tender (if required) will be done (with the same or different quantity, as per the instant 
requirement)  
L. Procurement from Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) (Applicable for Service Tenders) 
(Limited to 2 Crore for Chapter 3 of CMM -for transportation of coal/sand/ wagon loading/loading of 
coal by payloader in tippers/trucks etc.)  
i) Subject to meeting terms and conditions stated in the tender document including but not limiting to 
prequalification criteria, 25% of the work will be awarded to MSE as defined in MSE Procurement 
Policy issued by Department of Micro, Small and Medium Enter prises (MSME) for the tendered 
work/item. Where the tendered work can be split, MSE quoting a price within a price band of L1 + 15% 
shall be awarded at least 25% of total tendered work provided they match L1 price. In case the tendered 
work cannot be split , MSE shall be awarded full work provided their quoted price is within a price band 
of L1 + 15% and they match the L1 price.  
 Page 41 of 62 
 ii) In case of more than one such MSEs are in the price band of L1 + 15% and matches the L1 price, the 
work may be shared proportionat ely if the job can be split. If the job cannot be split, then the 
opportunity to match the L -1 rate of the tender shall be given first to MSE who has quoted lowest rate 
among the MSEs and the total job shall be awarded to them after matching the L -1 price of the tender. 
If the MSE who have quoted lowest rate among the MSEs in the price band of L1 + 15% do not agree to 
match the rate of L1 of the tender, then the MSE with next higher quoted rate in the price band of L1 + 
15% shall be given chance to match th e rate of L1 for award of the complete job. This process to be 
repeated in till work is awarded to MSE or MSE bidders are exhausted.  
 
iii) Out of the 25% target of annual procurement from micro and small enterprises 3(three) percent shall be 
earmarked for procu rement from micro and small enterprises owned by women. In the event of failure 
of such MSEs to participate in the tender process or meet the tender requirements and L1 price, 3(three) 
percent sub -target so earmarked shall be met from other MSEs.  
 
iv) Out of t he 25% target of annual procurement from micro and small enterprises 4(four) percent shall be 
earmarked for procurement from micro and small enterprises owned by Scheduled Caste & Scheduled 
Tribe entrepreneurs. In the event of failure of such MSEs to parti cipate in the tender process or meet the 
tender requirements and L1 price, four percent sub -target so earmarked shall be met from other MSEs.  
 
v) To qualify for entitlement as SC/ST owned MSE, the SC/ST certificate issued by District Authority 
must be submitt ed by the bidder in addition to certificate of registration with anyone of the agencies 
mentioned in paragraph (I) above. The bidder shall be responsible to furnish necessary documentary 
evidence for enabling CIL to ascertain that the MSE is owned by SC/ST . MSE owned by SC/ST is 
defined as:  
 In case of proprietary MSE, proprietor(s) shall be SC /ST  
 In case of partnership MSE, The SC/ST partners shall be holding at least 51% shares in the 
enterprise.  
 In case of Private Limited Companies, at least 51% share shall be held by SC/ST promoters.  
 
vi) Classification of Micro and Small Enterprise are as under:  
a. Micro Enterprise -Enterprise where the investment in equipment does not exceed Rupees Ten Lakhs.  
b. Small Enterprise - Enterprise where the investment in equipment i s more than Rupees Ten Lakhs but 
does not exceed Rupees Two crores.  
vii) The MSEs should be registered with District Industries Centers (DICs)/ Khadi & Village Industries 
Commission (KVIC)/ Khadi & Village Industries Board (KVIB)/ Coir Board/ NSIC/ Directorate of 
Handicrafts and Handloom or any other body specified by Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium 
Enterprises (MoMSME) are eligible for availing benefits under the Public Procurement Policy for 
Micro and Small Enterprise (MSEs) Order, 2012.  
 
viii) The MSEs are requir ed to submit copy of documentary evidence, issued by their registering authority 
whether they are small enterprise or micro enterprise as per provisions of Public Procurement Policy for 
Micro and Small Enterprise (MSEs) Order, 2012 with latest guidelines/c larifications provided by 
MoMSME.  
 
Note: Not to be a part of tender document  
 
a) SME shall be allowed to participate in transport contracts (as per Chapter 3 of CMM of CIL) for 
Coal/Sand/Wagon loading/ Loading of coal by pay loader in tippers/trucks etc. upto  Rs. 2 crores as 
per prevailing guidelines of GoI.  Page 42 of 62 
 b) As per clarification received from Ministry of MSME vide F.No.21(12)/2016 -MA dated 15th June 
2018:  
 
Quote  
Subject: Clarification regarding Public Procurement Policy -Applicability to Works Contract reg.  
 
Kindly refer to your e -mail dated 13.06.2018 along with letter No.GAIL/ND/C&P/CO/MSME 
/2018 -19/01/Rem on the subject cited above.  
 
In this context, it is to inform that Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises 
(MSEs) Order, 2012 supersedes a ll previous order/circular/letter issues by this office relating 
procurement of goods and services and also to inform you that as per PP Policy -2012, Works 
contract are not covered under PP Policy.  
Unquote  
M. Preference to Make in India (as applicable) vi de Order No. P -45021/2/2017 -PP (BE -II) issued by Govt. of 
India as amended from time to time shall be applicable. Accordingly, provisions of these guidelines are to 
be modified suitably.  
    6.3The Tender Committee will recommend for award of work to the s uccessful bidder after evaluation of the 
reasonableness of L -1 rates. The reasonableness of rates will be evaluated as per the provisions of Manual of 
CIL and other guidelines issued from time to time.  
The approval for award of work to L -1 bidder will be a ccorded by the competent authority as per Delegation of 
Power based on the TC recommendation.  
  6.4After competent approval and financial concurrence of TCR, the work order to the L -1 bidder will be issued 
and the scanned copy of the Work Order will be uploaded on the e -Procurement portal and simultaneously the 
original copy will be sent to the bidder through registered/speed post.  
     6.5 Any tender hosted on the e -Procurement site must be logically concluded i.e. either Award of work is issued at 
AOC page on e -Procurement portal in online mode or the tender is cancelled/ retendered online through 
corrigendum.  
6.5(A) If L1 bidder backs out (i.e. Techno commercially established L1 bidder),  the EMD will be forfeited and 
the bidder will be debarred for min imum one (1) year from participating in tenders in CIL/Subsidiary.  
(“Note (Not part of tender document): - 
 
In the above case, approval of Tender accepting authority (TAA) shall be taken. In case Board or Empowered 
Committee or FDs of CIL/Subsidiary or CMD is tender accepting authority, then the approval of CMD of 
CIL/Subsidiary is to be obtained and if the TAA is below CMD level then approval of TAA shall be obtained.”  
However, banning shall be done as per Guidelines for Banning Business  as per Cl 16  of Ch apter I  
    6.6    EMD Refund :  
a. If EMD is paid by the bidder in online mode (Direct Debit/NEFT/RTGS) then the EMD of rejected 
bidders will be refunded at any stage directly to the account from where it had been received (except the 
cases where EMD is to be  forfeited).  
 
b. No claim from the bidders will be entertained for non -receipt of the refund in any account other than 
the one from where the money is received.  Page 43 of 62 
 c. If the refund of EMD is not received by the bidder in the account from which the EMD has been made 
due to any technical reason then it will be paid through conventional system of e -payment. For this 
purpose, if required, Tender Inviting Authority will obtain the Mandate Form from the Bidder.  
d. In case the tender is cancelled then EMD of all the parti cipating bidders will be refunded unless it is 
forfeited by the department.  
e. If the bidder withdraws his/her bid online (i.e. before the end date of submission of tender) then his/her 
EMD will be refunded automatically after the opening of tender.  
f. The EMD o f successful bidder (on Award of Contract) will be retained by CIL/Subsidiary and will be 
adjusted to Performance Security Deposit. However, EMD deposited by the L -1 bidder in the form of 
BG will be discharged when the bidder furnishes the required Perform ance Security Deposit (PSD) and 
sign the agreement.  
 
    7. REVOCATION OF TENDER PROCESS:  The online evaluation of tender must be performed by the 
Evaluator with utmost care and diligence. The Evaluator of tender must ensure that the decision of Tender 
Com mittee is correctly uploaded on the e -Procurement portal.  
However, there may be situation when the decision of Tender Committee may have to be changed subsequently 
on account of a Court’s verdict. Also, there may be circumstances when online evaluation of  tender is not done 
correctly due to mistake by the Evaluator or due to technical error in the system, which may lead to cancellation 
of tender.  
In order to avoid the cancellation of tender in such cases, the tender process needs be reverted back to 
appro priate stage (i.e. bid Opening stage etc.) to comply with the Court’s verdict or to rectify the error 
committed by the Evaluator.  This provision in the e -Procurement system has been introduced with an objective 
to abide by the Court’s verdict or to ensure  that the tender process should not suffer due to any mistake 
committed by an individual or due to any technical error in the system.  
Revocation of Tender process back to Technical -bid opening stage or Price -bid opening stage from an 
advanced stage shall be done under the following circumstances:  
 
a. To comply with the directives of Hon’ble Court of Law.  
  
b. If the Evaluator makes a mistake in online evaluation of tender, which is not in line with the Tender 
Committee decision?  
 
c. If there is a error in the online evaluation of tender due to technical error in the system.  
 
Revocation of Tender process will be done with the specific approval of the concerned Director.  
In all such cases the Tender Revocation Notice must contain the details of the circumstances  leading to 
revocation of tender process.  
 
The Revocation of Tender on the e -Procurement portal can be done by way of creation and publication of 
corrigendum. However, since Revocation of Tender, in true sense, is not a Corrigendum to NIT, the Tender 
Revoc ation Notice will be uploaded only on the e -Procurement portal.  
 
In case of revocation of Tender at any stage the auto -refund of EMD may not work properly and in such case it 
may be required that Tender Inviting Authority to arrange refund of EMD through c onventional system of 
refund of EMD.  
 Page 44 of 62 
     8. CANCELLATION OF TENDER:    Any tender published on the e -Procurement portal must be 
concluded to its logical end i.e. either “Award of Contract” or “Cancellation of Tender” or “Retender”.  
It will be the responsi bility of the Publisher of tender to conclude the published tenders to its logical end within 
the original bid validity period.  
Tenders should be cancelled only under exceptional cases with due approval of Tender Approving Authority.  
In case of tenders where Board of Directors of CIL/Subsidiary is the Tender Approving Authority, in such 
cases the approval of Chairman/CMD, CIL/Subsidiary will be required. However, for cancellation of Tender 
due to non -receipt of any bid, no approval will be required.  
In all such cases the Tender Cancellation Notice must contain the details of the circumstances leading to 
cancellation of tender.  
The Cancellation of Tender on the e -Procurement portal can be done by way of creation and publication of 
corrigendum. However, sin ce Cancellation of Tender, in true sense, is not a Corrigendum to NIT, the Tender 
Cancellation Notice will be uploaded only on the e -Procurement portal.  
     9. All the details of technical bid and price bid will be kept preserved in the archives for audit ing purposes and the 
same can be accessed with special authorization. The IP address of all the bidders who has participated in the 
bid along with timing and date will also be kept preserved in the system.  
     10. The processes for entering into the  agree ment with the successful bidder will be done offline as per the 
prevailing manual system. However, the documents required to be submitted by contractor for executing the 
agreement will be specified in the Tender document.  
                                       *****************************************  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                            Page 45 of 62 
                                                                               PART II  
 
    A. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA  
 
1. SERVICES TENDER (TC & CMC DEPARTEMENT)  : 
 
a. Work Experience  (Not Applicable for tenders with ECV below 50 lakhs) : The bidder must have 
experience of works (includes completed / ongoing) of similar nature valuing 50 % of the annualized 
estimated value of the work put to tender (for period of completion over 1 year) / 50 % of the estimated 
value of the work (for complet ion period up to one year ) put to Tender in any year (consecutive 365 days) 
during last 7(seven) years ending last day of month previous to the one in which bid applications are invited.   
(For transportation works i.e. Tenders under Chapter 3 of CMM of C IL, similar nature of works shall mean: 
Transportation/Removal of Coal /Overburden /Shale /Extraneous materials/ Sand etc.)  
 
(For tenders OB removal and OB removal & coal extraction etc under Chapter 6 of CMM of CIL, similar 
nature of works shall mean: Exc avation & transportation of soil/overburden/shale/minerals etc. by 
mechanized means or Extraction of coal by mechanized means.)  
However, Works of similar nature may be suitably defined by respective subsidiaries based on its own 
necessity.  
“Annualised valu e” of the work shall be calculated as the “Estimated value/Period of completion in Days x 
365”.  
The value of executed works shall be given a simple  weightage to bring them at current price level by 
adding 5% for each completed year (total number of days/36 5) after the end date of experience till the last 
day of month previous to one in which e -Tender has been invited.  
Note: The definition of Similar Work to be given in the NIT should be broader, unambiguous, explicit and it 
should contain the predominant nature of tendered work. There should not be any scope for different 
interpretation by bidder and the department w.r.to “similar nature of work” defined in the NIT.  
Data to be furnished by Bidder on -line: 
i. Start date of the year for which work experience of  bidder is to be considered for eligibility.  
ii. Start date & end date of each qualifying experience (similar nature)   
iii. Work Order Number/Agreement Number of each experience  
iv. Name & address of Employer/Work Order Issuing authority of each experience  
v. Percentage  (%) share of each experience (100% in case of an Individual/proprietorship firm or the actual 
% of share in case of a Joint Venture/Partnership firm).  
vi. Executed Value of work against each experience  Page 46 of 62 
 vii. In case the bidder is a Joint Venture, the work experienc e of any one, two or three of the individual 
partners of JV or the JV itself may be furnished as the work experience of the bidder.  
Technical evaluation by the System : 
i. The system shall calculate the end date by adding 365 days to the start date of experien ce (provided by 
bidder). End date shall not be later than the last date (last day of month previous to the month of in which 
NIT has been published on e -procurement portal).  
ii. The system shall check the Start & End date of each experience and accept it as a qualifying experience 
if it falls within the year selected by the bidder (as calculated by adding 365 days to the start date restricted 
to the ‘last date’)  
iii. The system shall calculate the value of each qualifying experience by multiplying the value with the  % 
share of experience and adding 5% for each completed year (total No . of days/365) after the end date of 
experience of work till the last date of month previous  to one in which the NIT has been published on e -
Procurement portal.  
 
iv. The system shall calcula te the value of all qualifying experiences taken together for each bidder and 
grade him as 'Eligible' if it meets the minimum requirement s (50% of Annualised Value or estimated value 
whichever is less) or else as 'Ineligible'.  
v. In case any of the experienc es does not fall in the selected period of 365 days (continuous), such 
experiences will be excluded from evaluation. Hence the bidder shall have to furnish the value of work 
executed only during the selected period of 365 days (continuous).  
vi. The weightage of 5% every year will be on simple rate and will not be compounded on yearly basis for 
the purpose of calculating the value of each qualifying experience."  
vii. The work experience of the bidder may be an ongoing work and the executed value of work shall be 
considered for evaluation.  
viii. In case the experience has been earned by the bidder as an individual or proprietor of a proprietorship 
firm, then 100% value of the experience will be considered against eligibility. But if the experience has been 
earned by the bi dder as a partner in a Joint Venture firm/partnership firm then the proportionate value of 
experience in proportion to the actual share of bidder in that Joint Venture firm/partnership firm will be 
considered against eligibility.  
Scanned copy of documents to be uploaded by bidders (CONFIRMATORY DOCUMENT):  
For work experience, bidders are required to submit Work Experience Certificate issued by the employer 
against the experience of similar work containing all the information as sought on -line.  Bidder shoul d also 
submit Work  order, BOQ and/or TDS along with the bid.  
b. Working Capital  (Not Applicable for tenders with ECV below 50 lakhs) : Evidence of possessing adequate 
working capital (at least 20% of the “Annualized value or Estimated value whichever is less” of this work) 
inclusive of access to lines   of credit and availability of other financial resources to meet the requirement. The  
bidder should posses the working capital within three months prior to the date of opening of tender.  
 
Data to be furnished by Bidder on -line: Page 47 of 62 
 ix. Amount of available working capital inclusive of lines of credit and availability of other financial 
resources  
 
x. Date on which the bidder possesses the required working capital  
 
xi. Name of the Chartered  Accountant (CA)  
 
xii. Membership Number of CA who certifies the bidder's working capital on a particular date.  
 
xiii. Date of Issue of Certificate  
 
xiv. In case the bidder is a Joint Venture, the working capital of the individual partners of the JV will be added 
together for each financial year and is to be furnished as the turnover of the bidder for that particular 
financial year  
 
Technical evaluation by the System : 
i. The system shall to check that the date on which the bidder possesses the required working capital as well 
as the date of issue of certificate is within 3 months of the date of opening of tender.  
  
ii. The value of working capital as certified by the CA is greater than or equal  to the minimum requirement.  
 
Scanned copy of documents to be uploaded by bidders (CONFIRMATORY DOCUMENT) : 
Certificate of Working Capital issued by a Practicing Chartered Accountant having a membership number 
with Institute of Chartered Accountants of India containing the information as furnished by bidder on - 
line.  
 
c. Fleet Requirement : The bidder is required to give an undertaking in the form of an Affidavit in the 
prescribed format to deploy matching equipments/tippers/pay loaders as per NIT either owned or hired.  
  
Data to be furnished by Bidder on -line: 
Confirmation in the form of YES/NO regarding acceptanc e to deploy matching equipments/tippers/pay 
loaders as per NIT either owned or hired  
Technical evaluation by the System : 
The system will evaluate “Yes” as eligible and “No” as not eligible.  
Scanned copy of documents to be uploaded by bidders (CONFIRMATORY DOCUMENT) : 
An affidavit confirming acceptance to deploy matching equipments/tippers/pay loaders as per NIT either 
owned or hired  
d. Permanent Account Number : The bidder should possess a Permanent Account Number (PAN) issued by 
Income tax Department.  
 
Data to be furnished by Bidder on -line: 
Confirmation in the form of YES/NO regarding possessing of PAN  Page 48 of 62 
 Technical evaluation by the System : 
The system will evaluate “Yes” as eligible and “No” as not eligible.  
Scanned copy of documents to be uploaded by bidders (CO NFIRMATORY DOCUMENT) : 
PAN CARD of the bidder  
 
e. Goods and Services Tax (Not Applicable for Exempted Services)  
 
The bidder should be either GST Registered Bidder (but not under Composition Scheme)  
OR 
GST unregistered Bidder  
In respect of the above eligibility  criteria the bidder is required to furnish the following information 
online:  
i). Confirmation in the form of Yes/No regarding possessing of required document as enlisted in NIT with 
respect to GST status of the bidder.  
Scanned copy of documents to be uplo aded by bidders in support of information/ declaration 
furnished online by the bidder against Eligibility Criteria as Confirmatory Document  
The following documents depending upon the status w.r.to GST as declared by Bidder in the BOQ sheet:  
a) Status: GST reg istered Bidder (but not under Composition Scheme):  
 
Document: GST Registration Certificate (i.e. GST identification Number) issued by appropriate 
authority of India.  
 
b) Status: GST unregistered bidder/Dealer:  
 
Document: A Certificate from a practicing Chartered Accountant having membership number with 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India certifying that the bidder is GST unregistered bidder/dealer 
in compliance with the relevant GST rules of India.  
f. [In case of JV a Certificate from a practicing Chartered Accountant having membership number with 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India confirming the status of JV w.r.to GST in compliance with 
relevant GST rules or GST Registration Certificate of JV]  
Note:   
1. In cas e the work/service is awarded to a Joint Venture participating in the tender they have to  submit 
PAN, GST registration ( as applicable in the tender and for the bidder status) etc. in the name of the Joint 
Venture after Award of Work/Service at the time of execution of agreement/ before the payment of first 
running on account bill.  
2. If turnover of bidder exceeds exemption limit, the bidder must have GST registration as per GST Act and 
rules.  Page 49 of 62 
 2. WORKS TENDER (CIVIL AND E&M DEPARTMENT)  : 
 
a. Work Experience  (Not Applicable for tenders with ECV below 50 lakhs) : The Intending bidder must 
have in its name or proportionate share as a member of Joint Venture  experience of having successfully 
completed similar works, as a prime contractor, during last 7(seven) years en ding last day of month 
previous to the one in which bid applications are invited (i.e. eligibility period) should be any of the 
following : - 
Three similar completed works  each costing not less than the amount equal to 40% of the estimated cost 
put to tende r. 
Or 
Two similar completed works  each costing not less than the amount equal to 50% of the estimated cost put 
to tender.  
Or 
One similar completed work  costing not less than the amount equal to 80% of the estimated cost put to 
tender.  
 
Similar nature of work shall include …………………………………………………………………..  
 
Experience for those works only shall be considered for evaluation purposes, which match eligibility 
requirement stipulated above, on or before the last day of month previous to one in which tender has been 
invited(publication date of NIT). The experience of incomplete/ongoing works as on last date of eligibility 
period will not be considered for evaluation.  If the referred work includes construction as well as 
maintenance after construction, the experience o f such work may be considered as ‘acceptable’ if the 
construction part is completed as on the last date of ‘eligibility period’, even if maintenance work is ongoing, 
and the certificate issued clearly stipulates the same .   
 
In all the above cases, while considering the value of completed works, the full value of completed work be 
considered whether or not the date of commencement is within the said 7(seven) years period.  
 
Cost of previous completed works shall be given a simple weightage of 5% per year to  bring them at current 
price level, while evaluating the qualification requirement of the bidder. Such weightage shall be considered 
after end date of completion. Updating will be considered for full or part of the year (total no. of days / 365) 
i.e. consi dering 365 days in a year, till the last day of month previous to one in which bid has been invited.  
 
In case the bidder is not a prime contractor, but a sub -contractor, the bidder’s experience as sub -contractor 
will be taken into account, against suitable  document that the contract in support of qualification is a sub -
contract in compliance with the provision of such sub -contracts in the original contract awarded to prime 
contractor.  The document may be issued by owner/Govt. department on behalf of the ow ner. 
 
Joint Venture shall be allowed for participation in the bid with estimated cost above Rs. 2.0 Crores.   
 
The above qualification criteria shall be fulfilled by JV in the following manner.  
 
The qualifying criteria parameter e.g. experience of the individual partners of the J.V will be as deliberated 
hereinafter towards fulfillment of qualification criteria related to experience.  
 
a) In case of completion of single work  of similar nature cost ing, not less than the amount equal to 80% of 
the estimated cost put to tender: - 
 Page 50 of 62 
 Any of the JV partner shall have the experience of having completed successfully a single work of similar 
nature equal to80% of the estimated cost put to tender.  
Or 
b) In cas e of completion of two works of similar nature each costing not less than the amount equal to 50% 
of the estimated cost put to tender : - 
 
       i) Any one partner can match the above requirement.  
Or 
       ii) At least two partners should each have comple ted at least one work of similar nature each costing not 
less than the amount equal to 50% of the estimated cost put to tender.  
Or 
c)  In case of completion of three works of similar nature, each costing not less than the amount equal       
40% of the esti mated cost put to tender: - 
 
i) Any one partner can match the above requirement.  
Or 
ii) Any two partners shall match the above requirement through completion of at least one work of similar 
nature each costing not less than the amount equal 40% of the esti mated cost put to tender: - 
Or 
iii) All the three partners shall match the above requirement through comp letion of at least one work of 
similar nature each costing not less than the amount equal 40% of the estimated cost put to tender.  
 
However, during fulfillment of any of the above criteria one of the partners, who is the lead partner  shall 
have : -  
 
 i) More than 50 (fifty)% share in J.V.  
and 
 ii) Experience of having completed successfully a single work of similar nature equal to at least 40%  of 
estimated cost put to tender  
 
Works of similar nature may be suitably defined by respective subsidiaries based on its own necessity.  
 
Note: The definition of Similar Work to be given in the NIT should be broader, unambiguous, explicit and it 
should con tain the predominant nature of tendered work. There should not be any scope for different 
interpretation by bidder and the department w.r.to “similar nature of work” defined in the NIT.  
 
Data to be furnished by the Bidders : 
i. Start date & end date of each qu alifying experience (similar nature)  
 
ii. Work order Number /Agreement Number of each experience  
 
iii. Name & address of Employer/Work Order Issuing authority of each experience  
 
iv. Percentag e (%) share of each experience (100% in case of an Individual/ proprietorship  firm or a partner in 
a partnership firm and the actual % of share in case of a Joint Venture/Consortium).  
 
v. Executed Value of work against each experience  
 
vi. In case the bidder is a Joint Venture, work experience as above may be furnished as the work experie nce of 
the bidder . 
 Page 51 of 62 
 Technical evaluation by the System : 
i. The system shall calculate the period of 7 years backwards starting from the last day of month previous to 
the e -Publication date of NIT.  
 
ii. The system shall check the End date of each experience (The system shall not allow more than 3 entries for 
experience) and accept it as a qualifying experience if the end date of experience falls within the 7 years 
computed by the system.  
  
iii. The system shall calculate the value of each qualifying experience by multiplying the value with the % 
share of experience and adding 5% for each completed year (total No . of days/365) after the end date of 
experience of work till the last date of month previous  to one in which the NIT has been published on e -
Procurement por tal. 
 
iv. The system shall check the experience with highest value whether it exceeds 80% of ECV. In case it does 
not, it shall check the top 2 experiences whether each of them is greater than 50% of ECV. In case, it still 
does not, the system shall check all 3 qualifying experiences whether each of them exceeds 40% of ECV. 
The system shall regard the bidder as 'Eligible' if it meets any of the aforementioned criteria or else it shall 
consider the bidder as 'Ineligible'.  
 
v. The weightage of 5% every year will be on simple rate and will not be compounded on yearly basis for the 
purpose of calculating the value of each qualifying experience.  
 
vi. The work experience of the bidder for those works only shall be considered for evaluation purposes, which 
are completed befo re the last date of month previous to one in which NIT has been published on e -
Procurement portal.  Hence, the works which are incomplete/ongoing, as on the last date of month 
previous to one in which NIT has been published on e -Procurement portal, shall n ot be considered against 
eligibility.  
 
vii.  In case the work is started prior to the eligibility period of 7 years (counted backwards starting from the 
last day of month previous to the e -Publication date of NIT) and completed within the said eligibility 
period of 7 years, then the full value of work shall be considered against eligibility.  
 
viii. In case the experience has been earned by the bidder as an individual or proprietor of a proprietorship firm 
or partner of a partnership firm, then 100% value of the expe rience will be considered against eligibility. 
But if the experience has been earned by the bidder as a partner in a Joint Venture firm then the 
proportionate value of experience in proportion to the actual share of bidder in that Joint Venture will be 
considered against eligibility.  
  
Scanned copy of documents to be uploaded by bidders (CONFIRMATORY DOCUMENT ): 
For work experience bidders required to submit Satisfactory Work Completion Certificate issued by the 
employer against the Experience of similar wor k containing all the information as sought on -line. In case of 
Sub-contractor suitable document as per provision of eligibility, if applicable.  
Work order , BOQ and/or TDS may be sought during clarification or along with deficient do cuments as per 
clause 5.11(D).  
b. Financial Turnover  (Not Applicable for tenders with ECV below 50 lakhs) : Average annual financial 
turnover during the last 3 (three) years ending 31st March of the previous financial year should be at least 30% 
of the estimated cost.  Page 52 of 62 
  
(The “Previous Financial Year“ shall be computed with respect to  the  e -Publication date of NIT).  
Data to be furnished by Bidders : 
i. Annual turnover of each of the last 3 years ending 31st March of the previous financial year.  
ii. Name of the Chartered Accoun tant issuing the Profit and Loss A/c or the Turnover certificate.  
iii. Membership Number of the CA  
iv. In case the bidder is a Joint Venture, the turnover of the individual partners of the JV will be added 
together for each financial year and is to be furnished as the turnover of the bidder for that particular 
financial year  
Technical evaluation by the System : 
i. The system shall have to calculate the 30 % of the estimated vale (ECV) as the required average  turnover 
of the bidder.  
ii. The system shall calculate the average  of the financial turnover of 3 years furnished by the bidder by 
adding 5% for each completed year (total number of days/365) after the end of respective Financial Year ( 
i.e. 31st March) till the last day of month previous to one in which e -Tender has been invited.  
iii. The average shall be compared with the minimum requirement to ascertain the eligibility status of the 
bidder.  
 
iv. If any bidder does not submit the Turnover value for any of the 3 years, the system will not disqualify him 
and instead shall consider all 3 years for computing the average by assuming a value of ‘zero’ for the year 
for which no information is  given by bidder.  
 
Scanned copy of documents to be uploaded by bidders (CONFIRMATORY DOCUMENT) :  
Turnover certificate issued by a Practici ng Chartered Accountant having a membership number with 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India containing the information as furnished by bidder on - line.  
c. Permanent Account Number: - The bidder should possess a permanent account number issued by Incom e tax 
Department.  
 
Data to be furnished by Bidder on -line: 
Confirmation in the form of YES/NO regarding possessing of PAN  
Technical evaluation by the System : 
The system will evaluate “Yes” as eligible and “No” as not eligible.  
Scanned copy of documents to be uploaded by bidders (CONFIRMATORY DOCUMENT ) : 
PAN CARD Of the bidder  
d.   Goods and Services Tax (Not Applicable for Exempted Services)  
The bidder should be either GST Registered Bidder (but not under Composition Scheme)  
OR 
GST unregistered Bidder  Page 53 of 62 
 In respect of the above eligibility criteria the bidder is required to furnish the following information 
online:  
i). Confirmation in the form of Yes/No regarding possessing of required document as enlisted in NIT with 
respect to GST status of the bidder.  
Scan ned copy of documents to be uploaded by bidders in support of information/ declaration 
furnished online by the bidder against Eligibility Criteria as Confirmatory Document  
The following documents depending upon the status w.r.to GST as declared by Bidder in the BOQ sheet:  
a) Status: GST registered Bidder (but not under Composition Scheme) : 
 
Document: GST Registration Certificate (i.e. GST identification Number) issued by appropriate 
authority of India.  
 
b) Status: GST unregistered bidder:  
 
Document: A Certificate from a practicing Chartered Accountant having membership number with Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India certifying that the bidder is GST unregistered bidder in compliance with 
the relevant GST rules of. India.  
[In case of JV a Certifi cate from a practicing Chartered Accountant having membership number with 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India confirming the status of JV w.r.to GST in compliance with 
relevant GST rules or GST Registration Certificate of JV]  
Note:   
1. In case the work/service is awarded to a Joint Venture participating in the tender they have to  submit 
PAN, GST registration ( as applicable in the tender and for the bidder status) etc. in the name of the Joint 
Venture after Award of Work/Service at the time of execut ion of agreement/ before the payment of first 
running on account bill.  
 
2. If turnover of bidder exceeds exemption limit, the bidder must have GST registration as per GST Act and 
rules.  
 
B. General Essential Requirements for both Services and Works  : 
 
In order to qualify in the tender the bidders have to accept the following conditions:  
 
i. All the Terms and Condition of the NIT and Tender Document Unconditionally on line in the form of User 
Portal Agreement.  
 
ii. Expected values of each of the General Technical Evaluation(GTE) items  
 
iii. To upload online the scanned copy of documents,  as specified in the NIT for evaluation by Tender 
Committee as per the checklist given in the NIT  
 Page 54 of 62 
 Data to be furnished by Bidder on -line: 
i. Confirmation in the form of Agree/Disagree  for accepting user portal agreement  
 
ii. Confirmation in the form of Yes/No  for each GTE item  
 
Technical evaluation by the System : 
System will capture data in the  Agree/Disagree  OR YES/NO  format from the bidder and will decide the 
eligibility for (i) &  (ii) above.  
For (iii), the confirmatory documents will be downloaded and evaluated by Tender Committee as 
explained in Part I. The outcome is to be uploaded on line in Confirmatory Document page by Evaluator  
Scanned copy of documents to be uploaded by bi dders (CONFIRMATORY DOCUMENT) :  
To be taken as per Checklist  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page 55 of 62 
 C. CHECK LI ST OF DOCUMENTS TO BE UPLOADED BY THE BIDDERS  (For 
Services)  
 
(1). FOR SERVICES TENDERS (Coal extraction, transportation, loading & OB removal contracts):  
 
Sl 
No. Eligibility Criteria  Information to be 
furnished by bidder on 
line Scanned copy of documents, to be 
uploaded by in support of 
information/ declaration 
furnished online by the bidder 
against Eligibility Criteria as 
Confirmatory Document    
1 THE WORK EXPERIENCE (Not 
Applicable for tenders with ECV 
below 50 lakhs)  : 
The bidder must have experience of 
works (includes completed / 
ongoing) of similar nature valuing 
50 % of the annualized estimated 
value of the work put to tender (for 
period of completion ov er 1 year) / 
50 % of the estimated value of the 
work (for complet ion period up to 
one year ) put to Tender in any year 
(consecutive 365 days) during last 
7(seven) years ending last day of 
month previous to the one in which 
bid applications are invited.   
 1.Start date of the year 
for which work 
experience of bidder is 
to be considered for 
eligibility.  
2.Start date & end date 
of each qualifying 
experience (similar 
nature)   
3.Work Order 
Number/Agreement 
Number of each 
experience  
4.Name & address of 
Employer/Work Order 
Issuing authority of 
each experience  
5.Percentage (%) share 
of each experience 
(100% in case of an 
Individual/proprietorsh
ip firm or the actual % 
of share in case of a 
Joint 
Venture/Partnership 
firm).  
6.Executed Value of 
work against each 
experience  
7.In case the bidder is a 
Joint Venture, the 
work experience of For work experience, bidders are 
required to submit Work Experience 
Certificate issued by the employer 
against the experience of similar 
work containing all the information 
as sought on -line.  Bidder should 
also submit Work  order, BOQ 
and/or TDS along with the bid.  Page 56 of 62 
 any one, two or three 
of the individual 
partners of JV or the 
JV itself may be 
furnished as the work 
experience of the 
bidder.  
2 THE AVAILABILITY OF 
WORKING CAPITAL (Not 
Applicable for tenders with ECV 
below 50 lakhs)  
Evidence of possessing adequate 
working capital (at least 20% of the 
“Annualized value or Estimated 
value whichever is less” of this 
work) inclusive of access to lines of 
credit and availability of other 
financial resources  to meet the 
requirement. The bidder should 
posses the working capital within 
three months prior to the date of 
opening of tender.  1. Amount of available 
working capital 
inclusive of lines of 
credit and availability 
of other financial 
resources  
2. Date on which  the 
bidder possesses the 
required working 
capital  
3. Date of issue of  
W.C. Certificate by 
CA 
4. Name of the 
Chartered  
Accountant (CA)  
5. Membership Number  
of CA who certifies 
the bidder's working 
capital   Certificate of Working Capital 
issued by a Practicing Chartered 
Accountant having a membership 
number with Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India containing the 
information as furnished by bidder 
on- line.  
 
3 FLEET REQUIREMENT : 
The bidder is required to give an 
undertaking in the form of an 
Affidavit in the prescribed format to 
deploy matching 
equipments/tippers/pay loaders as 
per NIT either owned or hired  Confirmation in the form 
of Yes/NO.  An affidavit confirming acceptance 
to deploy matching 
equipments/tippers/pay loaders as 
per NIT either owned or  hired  
 
 
4 Legal Status of the bidder  Confirmation in the form 
of Yes/NO for possessing 
the supporting documents  Any one of the following document  
:  
1. Affidavit or any other document 
to prove proprietorship/ Individual 
status of the bidder.  
2.Partnership deed containing name 
of partners  
3.Memorandum & Article of 
Association with certificate of 
incorporation containing name of 
bidder  Page 57 of 62 
 4. Joint Venture agreement 
containing name of partners and 
lead partner, Power of Attorney to 
the Lead Partner  and share of each 
partner . 
5 Valid Permanent Account 
Number (PAN)  Confirmation in the form 
of Yes/NO for possessing 
the supporting documents  PAN card issued by Income Tax 
department, Govt.  of India  
(In case of JV/Consortium, PAN 
card for each Indian partner of 
JV/Consortium and Verifiable Tax 
Residency Certificate of respective 
country for each foreign partner or 
JV/Consortium itself)  
5A Goods and Services Tax (Not 
Applicable for Exempted Services)  
The bidder should be either GST 
Registered Bidder (but not under 
Composition Scheme)  
OR 
GST unregistered Bidder/Dealer  
 1. Confirmation in the 
form of Yes/No 
regarding possessing of 
required document as 
enlisted in NIT with 
respect to GST status of 
the bidder  
2. Status of the bidder in 
the BoQ excel sheet  
being uploaded by the 
bidder during bid 
submission as per 
previous column.  
 The following documents 
depending upon the status w.r.to 
GST as declared by Bidder in the 
BOQ sheet:  
a) Status: GST registered Bidder 
(but not under Composition 
Scheme) : 
 
Document: G ST Registration 
Certificate (i.e. GST 
identification Number) issued 
by appropriate authority of 
India.  
 
b) Status: GST unregistered 
bidder:  
 
Document: A Certificate from a 
practicing Chartered 
Accountant having membership 
number with Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India 
certifying that the bidder is 
GST unregistered bidder in 
compliance with the relevant 
GST rules of India.  
 
g. [In case of  JV a Certificate from a 
practicing Chartered Accountant 
having membership number with 
Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India confirming the status of JV 
w.r.to GST in compliance with 
relevant GST rules or GST Page 58 of 62 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Registration Certificate of JV]  
If turnov er of bidder exceeds 
exemption limit, the bidder must 
have GST registration as per GST 
Act and rules.  
6 Valid Digital Signature Certificate  Confirmation in the form 
of Yes/NO for possessing 
the supporting documents  If the bidder himself is the DSC 
holder bidding on -line then no 
document is required.  
However, if the DSC holder is 
bidding online on behalf of the 
bidder then  the Power of Attorney 
or any sort of legally acceptable 
document  for the authority to bid 
on behalf of the bidder  
7 An undertaking regarding genuineness of the information furnished by him on -line and 
authenticity of the scanned copy of documents uploaded by him on -line in support of his 
eligibility, as per the format given in Chapter I  
8 Any other document to support the qualification information as submitted by bidder on -line. 
 Note: Only one file in .pdf format can be uploaded against each eligibility criteria. Any 
additional/ other relevant documents to support the information/declaration furnished by bidder 
online aga inst eligibility criteria may also be attached by the bidder in the same file to be 
uploaded against respective eligibility criteria  Page 59 of 62 
   (2).FOR WORKS TENDERS (Civil, E&M and Other Tenders ): 
 
Sl 
No. Eligibility Criteria  Information to  be 
furnished by bidder on 
line Scanned copy of documents, to be 
uploaded by bidders in support of 
information/ declaration furnished 
online by the bidder against 
Eligibility Criteria as 
Confirmatory Document  
1 THE WORK EXPERIENCE  (Not 
Applicable for tenders with ECV 
below 50 lakhs) : 
The Intending bidder must have in its 
name or proportionate share as a 
member of Joint Venture  experience 
of having successfully completed 
similar works, as a prime contractor, 
during last 7(seven) years ending last 
day o f month previous to the one in 
which bid applications are invited 
(i.e. eligibility period) should be any 
of the following : - 
 
Three similar completed works  each 
costing not less than the amount 
equal to 40% of the estimated cost 
put to tender.  
Or 
Two simi lar completed works  each 
costing not less than the amount equal 
to 50% of the estimated cost put to 
tender.  
      Or 
One similar completed work  costing 
not less than the amount equal to 80% 
of the estimated cost put to tender.  
 
In case the bidder is not a prime 
contractor, but a sub -contractor, the 
bidder’s experience as sub -contractor 
will be taken into account, against 
suitable document that the contract in 
support of qualification is a sub -
contract in compliance with the 
provi sion of such sub -contracts in the 
original contract awarded to prime 1. Start & end date of each 
qualifying experience 
(similar nature)  
 
2. Work order/Agreement 
Number of each 
experience  
 
3. Work Order Issuing 
authority of each 
experience  
 
4. % share of experienc e 
(100% in case proprietor 
or a partner in a 
partnership firm or the 
actual % of share in case 
of a Joint 
Venture/Consortium).  
5. Executed Value of work 
against each experience  
 For work experience bidders 
required to submit Satisfactory 
Work Completion Ce rtificate issued 
by the employer against the 
Experience of similar work 
containing all the information as 
sought on -line. In case of Sub -
contractor suitable document as per 
provision of eligibility, if applicable.  
Work order , BOQ and/or TDS may 
be sought d uring clarification or 
along with deficient documents as 
per clause 5.11(D).   
.  Page 60 of 62 
 contractor.  The document may be 
issued by owner/Govt. department on 
behalf of the owner.  
In case the bidder is not a prime 
contractor, but a sub -contractor, the 
bidder’s experience as su b-contractor 
will be taken into account, against 
suitable document that the contract in 
support of qualification is a sub -
contract in compliance with the 
provision of such sub -contracts in the 
original contract awarded to prime 
contractor.  The document ma y be 
issued by owner/Govt. department on 
behalf of the owner.  
2 FINANCIAL TURNOVER (Not 
Applicable for tenders with ECV 
below 50 lakhs) : 
Average annual financial turnover 
during the last 3 (three) years ending 
31st March of the previous  financial 
year should be at least 30% of the 
estimated cost.  
 
(The “Previous Financial Year“shall be 
computed with respect to the e -
Publication date of NIT).  
 1. Annual turnover of the 
last 3 financial years 
ending 31st March of the 
previous financial yea r. 
2. Name of the Chartered 
Accountant issuing the 
Profit and Loss A/c or the 
Turnover certificate.  
3.Membership Number  
of the CA  Financial Turnover certificate for 
last 3 (three) financial years issued 
by a Practicing Chartered 
Accountant having a membership 
number with Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India.  
(In case of JV, turnover certificate 
for each individual partner of JV)    
 
 
3 Goods and Services Tax (Not 
Applicable for Exempted Services)  
The bidder should be either GST 
Registered Bidder (but not under 
Composition Scheme)  
OR 
GST unregistered Bidder/Dealer  
 1. Confirmation in the 
form of Yes/No regarding 
possessing of required 
document as enlisted in 
NIT with respect to GST 
status of the bidder  
2. Status of the bidder in 
the BoQ excel sheet being 
uploaded by the bidder 
during bid submission as 
per previous column.  
 The following documents 
depending upon the status w.r.t o 
GST as declared by Bidder in the 
BOQ sheet:  
a) Status: GST registered Bidder 
(but not under Composition 
Scheme):  
 
Document: GST Registration 
Certificate (i.e. GST 
identification Number) issued 
by appropriate authority of 
India.  
 
b) Status: GST  unregistered Page 61 of 62 
 bidder:  
 
Document: A Certificate from a 
practicing Chartered Accountant 
having membership number 
with Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India certifying 
that the bidder is GST 
unregistered bidder/dealer in 
compliance with the relevant 
GST rules of Indi a. 
 
h. [In case of JV a Certificate from a 
practicing Chartered Accountant 
having membership number with 
Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India confirming the status of JV 
w.r.to GST in compliance with 
relevant GST rules or GST 
Registration Certificate o f JV]  
i. Note:  
If turnover of bidder exceeds 
exemption limit, the bidder must 
have GST registration as per GST 
Act and rules.  
j.  
4 LEGAL STATUS OF THE BIDDER  Confirmation in the form 
of Yes/NO for possessing 
the supporting documents  Any one of the following document :      
 1. Affidavit or any other document 
to prove proprietorship/ Individual 
status of the bidder.  
2.Partnership deed containing name 
of partners  
3.Memorandum & Article of 
Association with certificate of 
incorporation containing name of 
bidder  
4.Joint Venture agreement 
containing name of partners and lead 
partner, Power of Attorney to the 
Lead Partner and share of each 
partner . Page 62 of 62 
 5 VALID PERMANENT ACCOUNT 
NUMBER (PAN)  Confirmation in the form 
of Yes/NO for possessing 
the supporting documents  PAN card issued by Income Tax 
department, Govt.of India  
(In case of JV/Consortium, PAN 
card for each Indian partner of 
JV/Consortium and Verifiable Tax 
Residency Certificate of respective 
country for each foreign partner or 
JV/Consortium itself)  
6 VALID DIGIT AL SIGNATURE 
CERTIFICATE  Confirmation in the form 
of Yes/NO for possessing 
the supporting documents  If the bidder himself is the DSC 
holder bidding on -line then no 
document is required . 
However, if the DSC holder is 
bidding online on behalf of the 
bidder then  the Power of Attorney 
or any sort of legally acceptable 
document  for the authority to bid on 
behalf of the bidder  
7 VALID ELECTRICAL LICENSE ( 
For Electrical works only)  Confirmation in the form 
of Yes/NO for possessing 
the supporting documents  Valid Electrical Contractor’s 
License issued by Electrical 
Licensing Board/Authority of any 
Indian State/UT, in accordance with 
IE Rule -45. 
(In case the bidder is a Joint Venture, 
atleast one partner of JV should possess 
the valid Electrical Contractor’s L icense 
issued by Electrical Licensing 
Board/Authority of any Indian state, in 
accordance with  IE Rule -45.) 
8 An undertaking  regarding genuineness of the information furnished by him on -line and authenticity 
of the scanned copy of documents uploaded by him on -line in support of his eligibility, as per the 
format given in Chapter I  
9 Any other document to support the qualification information as submitted by bidder on -line. 
 Note: Only one file in .pdf format can be uploaded against each eligibility criteria. Any additional/ 
other relevant documents to support the information/declaration furnished by bidder online aga inst 
eligibility criteria may also be attached by the bidder in the same file to be uploaded against 
respective eligibility criteria.  
 